UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
__________________________

FORM 10-K
__________________________
(Mark One)

☒
☐

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
or
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from
to
Commission File Number: 001-35551
__________________________

Meta Platforms, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
__________________________

Delaware

20-1665019

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025
(Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

(650) 543-4800

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
__________________________

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par value

Trading symbol(s)
META

Name of each exchange on which registered
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer

☒

Accelerated filer

☐

Non-accelerated filer

☐

Smaller reporting company

☐

Emerging growth company

☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter, was $378 billion based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. On January 27, 2023, the registrant had 2,225,763,078 shares of Class A common
stock and 366,876,470 shares of Class B common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated
herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

Meta Platforms, Inc.
Form 10-K
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
3
4

Note About Forward-Looking Statements
Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data
PART I
Item 1.

Business

7

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

14

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

48

Item 2.

Properties

48

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

48

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

51

PART II
Item 5.

Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

52

Item 6.

[Reserved]

53

Item 7.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

54

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

78

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

80

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

120

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

120

Item 9B.

Other Information

120

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

120

PART III
Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

121

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

121

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

121

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

121

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

121

PART IV
Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

122

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

124

Signatures

125

2

Table of Contents

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than
statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans, and our
objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "expect,"
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current
expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, shortterm and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive
and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact
of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking
statements.
We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given
these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms "Meta," "company," "we," "us," and "our" in this document refer to Meta
Platforms, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. The term "Family" refers to our Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and
WhatsApp products. For references to accessing Meta's products on the "web" or via a "website," such terms refer to accessing such products on personal
computers. For references to accessing Meta's products on "mobile," such term refers to accessing such products via a mobile application or via a mobileoptimized version of our websites such as m.facebook.com, whether on a mobile phone or tablet.

3

Table of Contents

LIMITATIONS OF KEY METRICS AND OTHER DATA
The numbers for our key metrics are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts. We report our estimates of the
numbers of our daily active people (DAP), monthly active people (MAP), and average revenue per person (ARPP) (collectively, our "Family metrics") based
on the activity of users who visited at least one of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp (collectively, our "Family" of products) during the
applicable period of measurement. We have historically reported the numbers of our daily active users (DAUs), monthly active users (MAUs), and average
revenue per user (ARPU) (collectively, our "Facebook metrics") based on user activity only on Facebook and Messenger and not on our other products. We
believe our Family metrics better reflect the size of our community and the fact that many people are using more than one of our products. As a result, over
time we intend to report our Family metrics as key metrics in place of DAUs, MAUs, and ARPU in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are
inherent challenges in measuring usage of our products across large online and mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used to measure these
metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve our
estimates of our user base, and such estimates may change due to improvements or changes in our methodology. We regularly review our processes for
calculating these metrics, and from time to time we discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in
adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to
apply different methodologies for such adjustments. We generally do not intend to update previously disclosed Family metrics for any such inaccuracies or
adjustments that are within the error margins disclosed below.
In addition, our Family metrics and Facebook metrics estimates will differ from estimates published by third parties due to differences in methodology.
Family Metrics
Many people in our community have user accounts on more than one of our products, and some people have multiple user accounts within an individual
product. Accordingly, for our Family metrics, we do not seek to count the total number of user accounts across our products because we believe that would not
reflect the actual size of our community. Rather, our Family metrics represent our estimates of the number of unique people using at least one of Facebook,
Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and
therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. To calculate these metrics, we rely upon complex
techniques, algorithms and machine learning models that seek to count the individual people behind user accounts, including by matching multiple user
accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and counting such group of
accounts as one person. These techniques and models require significant judgment, are subject to data and other limitations discussed below, and inherently are
subject to statistical variances and uncertainties. We estimate the potential error in our Family metrics primarily based on user survey data, which itself is
subject to error as well. While we expect the error margin for our Family metrics to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be
approximately 3% of our worldwide MAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people,
and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error
margins. As a result, it is also possible that our Family metrics may indicate changes or trends in user numbers that do not match actual changes or trends.
To calculate our estimates of Family DAP and MAP, we currently use a series of machine learning models that are developed based on internal reviews
of limited samples of user accounts and calibrated against user survey data. We apply significant judgment in designing these models and calculating these
estimates. For example, to match user accounts within individual products and across multiple products, we use data signals such as similar device information,
IP addresses, and user names. We also calibrate our models against data from periodic user surveys of varying sizes and frequency across our products, which
are inherently subject to error. The timing and results of such user surveys have in the past contributed, and may in the future contribute, to changes in our
reported Family metrics from period to period. In addition, our data limitations may affect our understanding of certain details of our business and increase the
risk of error for our Family metrics estimates. Our techniques and models rely on a variety of data signals from different products, and we rely on more limited
data signals for some products compared to others. For example, as a result of limited visibility into encrypted products, we have fewer

4

Table of Contents

data signals from WhatsApp user accounts and primarily rely on phone numbers and device information to match WhatsApp user accounts with accounts on
our other products. Similarly, although Messenger Kids users are included in our Family metrics, we do not seek to match their accounts with accounts on our
other applications for purposes of calculating DAP and MAP. Any loss of access to data signals we use in our process for calculating Family metrics, whether
as a result of our own product decisions, actions by third-party browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may
impact the stability or accuracy of our reported Family metrics, as well as our ability to report these metrics at all. Our estimates of Family metrics also may
change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies, product changes, or other improvements in our user
surveys, algorithms, or machine learning that may improve our ability to match accounts within and across our products or otherwise evaluate the broad
population of our users. In addition, such evolution may allow us to identify previously undetected violating accounts (as defined below).
We regularly evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our MAP consisting solely of "violating" accounts. We define "violating"
accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. In the fourth quarter of
2022, we estimated that approximately 3% of our worldwide MAP consisted solely of violating accounts. Such estimation is based on an internal review of a
limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look for account information and behaviors
associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic to the reviewers, but we have limited visibility into WhatsApp user activity due
to encryption. In addition, if we believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating accounts
estimation as long as we believe they have one account that does not constitute a violating account. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make
product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP and MAP estimates in a
particular period. We intend to disclose our estimates of the percentage of our MAP consisting solely of violating accounts on an annual basis. Violating
accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.
The numbers of Family DAP and MAP discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as ARPP, do not include users on our other products,
unless they would otherwise qualify as DAP or MAP, respectively, based on their other activities on our Family products.
Facebook Metrics
We regularly evaluate our Facebook metrics to estimate the number of "duplicate" and "false" accounts among our MAUs. A duplicate account is one
that a user maintains in addition to his or her principal account. We divide "false" accounts into two categories: (1) user-misclassified accounts, where users
have created personal profiles for a business, organization, or non-human entity such as a pet (such entities are permitted on Facebook using a Page rather than
a personal profile under our terms of service); and (2) violating accounts, which represent user profiles that we believe are intended to be used for purposes that
violate our terms of service, such as bots and spam. The estimates of duplicate and false accounts are based on an internal review of a limited sample of
accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, to identify duplicate accounts we use data signals such as identical IP
addresses and similar user names, and to identify false accounts we look for names that appear to be fake or other behavior that appears inauthentic to the
reviewers. Any loss of access to data signals we use in this process, whether as a result of our own product decisions, actions by third-party browser or mobile
platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact the stability or accuracy of our estimates of duplicate and false accounts.
Our estimates also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies or product changes that may
allow us to identify previously undetected duplicate or false accounts and may improve our ability to evaluate a broader population of our users. Duplicate and
false accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of duplicate and false accounts may vary significantly from our
estimates.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, we estimated that duplicate accounts may have represented approximately 11% of our worldwide MAUs. We believe the
percentage of duplicate accounts is meaningfully higher in developing markets such as the Philippines and Vietnam, as compared to more developed markets.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, we estimated that false accounts may have represented approximately 4-5% of our worldwide MAUs. Our estimation of false
accounts can vary as a result of episodic spikes in the creation of such accounts, which we have seen originate more frequently in specific countries such as
Indonesia, Nigeria, and Vietnam. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of
duplicate or false accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAU and

5

Table of Contents

MAU estimates in a particular period. We intend to disclose our estimates of the number of duplicate and false accounts among our MAUs on an annual basis.
The numbers of DAUs and MAUs discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as ARPU, do not include users on Instagram, WhatsApp, or
our other products, unless they would otherwise qualify as DAUs or MAUs, respectively, based on their other activities on Facebook.
User Geography
Our data regarding the geographic location of our users is estimated based on a number of factors, such as the user's IP address and self-disclosed
location. These factors may not always accurately reflect the user's actual location. For example, a user may appear to be accessing Facebook from the location
of the proxy server that the user connects to rather than from the user's actual location. The methodologies used to measure our metrics are also susceptible to
algorithm or other technical errors, and our estimates for revenue by user location and revenue by user device are also affected by these factors.

6

Table of Contents

PART I
Item 1. Business
Overview
Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.
All of our products, including our apps, share the vision of helping to bring the metaverse to life. We build technology that helps people connect and
share, find communities, and grow businesses. Our useful and engaging products enable people to connect and share with friends and family through mobile
devices, personal computers, virtual reality headsets, and wearables. We also help people discover and learn about what is going on in the world around them,
enable people to share their experiences, ideas, photos and videos, and other activities with audiences ranging from their closest family members and friends to
the public at large, and stay connected everywhere by accessing our products. Meta is moving our offerings beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences
like augmented and virtual reality to help build the metaverse, which we believe is the next evolution in social technology. Our vision for the metaverse does
not center on any single product, but rather an entire ecosystem of experiences, devices, and new technologies. While the metaverse is in the very early stages
of its development, we believe it will become the next computing platform and the future of social interaction.
We report financial results for two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). Currently, we generate substantially all of our revenue from
selling advertising placements on our family of apps to marketers, which is reflected in FoA. Ads on our platforms enable marketers to reach people across a
range of marketing objectives, such as generating leads or driving awareness. Marketers purchase ads that can appear in multiple places including on Facebook,
Instagram, Messenger, and third-party applications and websites. RL reflects our efforts to develop the metaverse and generates revenue from sales of
consumer hardware products, software and content.
We invest in our business based on our company priorities, and the majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps. In
2022, 82% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 18% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments were $71.79 billion in 2022 and
include expenses relating to headcount, data centers and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are
also making significant investments in our metaverse efforts, including developing virtual and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural
interfaces, and other foundational technologies for the metaverse. Our total RL investments were $15.88 billion in 2022 and include expenses relating to
headcount and technology development across these efforts. As these are fundamentally new technologies that we expect will evolve as the metaverse
ecosystem develops, many products for the metaverse may only be fully realized in the next decade. Although it is inherently difficult to predict when and how
the metaverse ecosystem will develop, we expect our RL segment to continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future, and our ability to support our
metaverse efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term
initiative. We are investing now because we believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses,
developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods.
Family of Apps Products
•

Facebook. Facebook helps give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. It's a place for people to share life's
moments and discuss what's happening, nurture and build relationships, discover and connect to interests, and create economic opportunity. They
can do this through Feed, Reels, Stories, Groups, and more.

•

Instagram. Instagram brings people closer to the people and things they love. Instagram Feed, Stories, Reels, Video, Live, Shops, and messaging
are places where people and creators can connect and express themselves through photos, video, and private messaging, and discover and shop
from their favorite businesses.

•

Messenger. Messenger is a simple yet powerful messaging application for people to connect with friends, family, communities, and businesses
across platforms and devices through text, audio and video calls.

7

Table of Contents

•

WhatsApp. WhatsApp is a simple, reliable, and secure messaging application that is used by people and businesses around the world to
communicate and transact in a private way.

Reality Labs Products
Many of our metaverse investments are directed toward long-term, cutting edge research and development for products that are not on the market today
and may only be fully realized in the next decade. This includes exploring new technologies such as neural interfaces using electromyography, which lets
people control their devices using neuromuscular signals, as well as innovations in artificial intelligence (AI) and hardware to help build next-generation
interfaces. In the near term, we are continuing to develop early metaverse experiences through Reality Labs' augmented and virtual reality products that help
people feel connected, anytime, anywhere. Our current product offerings include Meta Quest virtual reality devices, as well as software and content available
through the Meta Quest Store, which enable a range of social experiences that allow people to defy physical distance, including gaming, fitness, entertainment,
and more. For example, we have launched Horizon Worlds, a social platform where people can interact with friends, meet new people, play games, and attend
virtual events, and Horizon Workrooms, a virtual reality space for teams to connect and collaborate at work. As part of our virtual reality initiatives, we have
also introduced mixed reality capabilities through our Meta Reality system on Meta Quest Pro, which allows users to experience the immersion and presence of
virtual reality while still being grounded in the physical world. As part of our augmented reality initiatives, we have introduced Ray-Ban Stories smart glasses,
which let people stay more present through hands-free interaction, and Meta Spark, a platform that allows creators and businesses to build augmented reality
experiences that bring the digital and physical worlds together in our apps. In general, while all of these investments are part of our long-term initiative to help
build the metaverse, our virtual reality and social platform efforts also include notable shorter-term projects developing specific products and services to go to
market, whereas our augmented reality efforts are primarily directed toward longer-term research and development projects. For example, in 2023, we expect
to spend approximately 50% of our Reality Labs operating expenses on our augmented reality initiatives, approximately 40% on our virtual reality initiatives,
and approximately 10% on social platforms and other initiatives. We apply significant judgment in estimating this expense breakdown as there are certain
shared costs across product lines, and our expectations are subject to change, including as the metaverse ecosystem and our business strategies evolve. In
particular, we regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market
landscape and our product ideas and designs evolve.
Competition
Our business is characterized by innovation, rapid change, and disruptive technologies. We compete with companies providing connection, sharing,
discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or
develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but
not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to
reach their existing or prospective audiences. We compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use our products, to attract and retain businesses that use
our free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who build compelling applications that integrate with our products. We
also compete with companies that develop and deliver consumer hardware and virtual and augmented reality products and services. As we introduce or acquire
new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, including as part of efforts to develop the metaverse
or innovate through the application of new technologies such as AI, we may become subject to additional competition.
Technology
Our product development philosophy centers on continuous innovation in creating and improving products that are social by design, which means that
our products are designed to place people and their social interactions at the core of the product experience. As our user base grows, as engagement with
products like video and virtual reality increases, and as we deepen our investment in new technologies, our computing needs continue to expand. We make
significant investments in technology both to improve our existing products and services and to develop new ones, as well as for our marketers and developers.
We are also investing in protecting the security, privacy, and integrity of our platform by investing in both people and technology to strengthen our systems
against abuse. Across all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in AI and machine learning, including to recommend relevant unconnected
content across our products through our AI-powered discovery engine, to enhance our advertising tools and improve our ad delivery, targeting, and
measurement capabilities, and

8

Table of Contents

to develop new product features using generative AI.
Sales and Operations
The majority of our marketers use our self-service ad platform to launch and manage their advertising campaigns. We also have a global sales force that
is focused on attracting and retaining advertisers and providing support to them throughout the stages of the marketing cycle from pre-purchase decisionmaking to real-time optimizations to post-campaign analytics. We work directly with these advertisers, as well as through advertising agencies and resellers.
We operate offices in more than 90 cities around the globe, the majority of which have a sales presence. We also invest in and rely on self-service tools to
provide direct customer support to our users and partners.
Marketing
Historically, our communities have generally grown organically with people inviting their friends to connect with them, supported by internal efforts to
stimulate awareness and interest. In addition, we have invested and will continue to invest in marketing our products and services to grow our brand and help
build community around the world.
Intellectual Property
To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, license
agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other
contractual rights. In addition, to further protect our proprietary rights, from time to time we have purchased patents and patent applications from third parties.
We do not believe that our proprietary technology is dependent on any single patent or copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. We believe the
duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, many of which are still
evolving and being tested in courts, and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These laws and regulations involve matters including
privacy, data use, data protection and personal information, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity, intellectual property, advertising,
marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data localization and storage, data disclosure, artificial intelligence and machine learning,
electronic contracts and other communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product
liability, e-commerce, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance,
and online payment services. Foreign data protection, privacy, content, competition, consumer protection, and other laws and regulations can impose different
obligations, or penalties or fines for non-compliance, or be more restrictive than those in the United States.
These U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are
constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often
uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. For example, regulatory or legislative actions or litigation affecting the manner in which
we display content to our users, moderate content, or obtain consent to various practices, or otherwise relating to content that is made available on our products,
could adversely affect our financial results. In the United States, the U.S. Supreme Court recently agreed to review a matter in which the scope of the
protections available to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (Section 230) is at issue. In addition, there have been, and
continue to be, various efforts to remove or restrict the scope of the protections available to online platforms under Section 230, and any such changes may
increase our costs or require significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, which could adversely affect our business and financial
results.
We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive
certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and
services. If we are unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are restricted from sharing data among our
products and services,

9

Table of Contents

it could affect our ability to provide our services, the manner in which we provide our services or our ability to target ads, which could adversely affect our
financial results. For example, the Privacy Shield, a transfer framework we relied upon for data transferred from the European Union to the United States, was
invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). In addition, the other bases upon which Meta relies to transfer such data, such
as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), have been subjected to regulatory and judicial scrutiny. On July 6, 2022, we received a draft decision from the Irish
Data Protection Commission (IDPC) that preliminarily concluded that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on SCCs in respect of European Union/European
Economic Area Facebook user data does not achieve compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and preliminarily proposed that such
transfers of user data from the European Union to the United States should therefore be suspended. Separately, on March 25, 2022, the European Union and
United States announced that they had reached an agreement in principle on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF). On October 7, 2022,
President Biden signed the Executive Order on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities (E.O.), and on December 13, 2022, the
European Commission published its draft adequacy decision on the proposed new EU-U.S. DPF. We believe a final decision in this inquiry may issue as early
as the first quarter of 2023. Although the E.O. is a significant and positive step, if no adequacy decision is adopted by the European Commission and we are
unable to continue to rely on SCCs or rely upon other alternative means of data transfers from the European Union to the United States, we will likely be
unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and Instagram, in Europe, which would materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We have been subject to other significant legislative and regulatory developments in the past, and proposed or new legislation and regulations could
significantly affect our business in the future. For example, we have implemented a number of product changes and controls as a result of requirements under
the GDPR, and may implement additional changes in the future. The GDPR also requires submission of personal data breach notifications to our lead European
Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance with the notification obligation as well as other requirements of the
regulation. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving and draft decisions in investigations by the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy
regulators as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such investigations. As a result, the
interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In
addition, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and other countries have enacted similar data protection regulations imposing data privacy-related requirements on
products and services offered to users in their respective jurisdictions. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act,
and similar laws recently enacted by other states also establish certain transparency rules and create certain data privacy rights for users. In addition, the
European Union's ePrivacy Directive and national implementation laws impose additional limitations on the use of data across messaging products and include
significant penalties for non-compliance. Changes to our products or business practices as a result of these or similar developments have in the past adversely
affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our advertising business. Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals or recently enacted laws in the
European Union, the United States, at both the federal and state level, as well as other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas
affecting our business. For example, the Digital Markets Act (DMA) in the European Union imposes new restrictions and requirements on companies like ours,
including in areas such as the combination of data across services, mergers and acquisitions, and product design. The DMA also includes significant penalties
for non-compliance, and its key requirements will be enforceable against designated gatekeeper companies in early 2024. We expect the DMA will cause us to
incur significant compliance costs and make additional changes to our products or business practices. The requirements under the DMA will likely be subject to
further interpretation and regulatory engagement. Pending or future proposals to modify competition laws in the United States and other jurisdictions could
have similar effects. Further, the Digital Services Act (DSA) in the European Union, which will apply to our business as early as June 2023, will impose new
restrictions and requirements for our products and services and may significantly increase our compliance costs. The DSA also includes significant penalties for
non-compliance. In addition, some countries, such as India and Turkey, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements
or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, cause us to
cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, or result in fines or other penalties. New legislation or regulatory decisions that restrict our
ability to collect and use information about minors may also result in limitations on our advertising services or our ability to offer products and services to
minors in certain jurisdictions.
We are, and expect to continue to be, the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits by government
authorities and regulators in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy and data protection, including with respect to
minors, law enforcement, consumer protection, civil

10

Table of Contents

rights, content moderation, and competition. We are also currently, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees, including the
modified consent order we entered into with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), which took effect in April 2020 and, among other matters, requires us
to maintain a comprehensive privacy program. Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could
cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary
remedies), interrupt or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products or user
data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to
other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business.
For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
Human Capital
At Meta, our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People are at the heart of every connection we
empower, and we are proud of our unique company culture. We strive to build diverse teams across engineering, product design, marketing, and other areas to
further our mission.
As we look forward, we expect the lasting effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic will change how we work and who we reach. We are proud of our
response to the COVID-19 pandemic both internally and externally. Employee benefits were robust and established quickly: we implemented 15 days of
subsidized backup care for child, adult, or eldercare; we paid emergency leave to help address short-term or transitional needs; and we established a temporary
stipend to help employees work from home, to name just a few of the benefits.
We are committed to fostering an enriching environment for our global workforce, and we are focused on supporting our people in doing the best work
of their careers, no matter where they are located. For example:
•

Location is flexible but presence is essential. As of September 30, 2022, 83% of managers at Meta had direct reports in a different location, and
24% of our employees were fully remote.

•

Remote work has helped us reach new talent in a competitive tech landscape and broaden our representation. We have seen that candidates who
accepted remote job offers were more often underrepresented people.

•

Beginning March 2023, we are permitting employees in eligible roles to transfer to any Meta office within their country of employment. We expect
distributed teams to establish strong norms that support efficiency, including more predictable and coordinated in-person working time.

At the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, the world rapidly moved online and the surge of online commerce led to accelerated revenue growth. Many
people predicted this would be a permanent acceleration that would continue even after the pandemic ended. Instead, not only did online commerce return to
prior trends, but the more challenging macroeconomic environment and limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools, among other factors,
contributed to a decline in our revenue.
To address this new environment, we took a number of steps to become a more capital efficient company and, in November 2022, made one of the most
difficult changes in Meta's history and announced a layoff of approximately 11,000 employees. The cost reduction efforts that we announced, including our
plans to scale back budgets, reduce company perks, shrink our real estate footprint, and restructure teams to increase efficiency alone would not bring our
expenses in line with our revenue growth and we had to implement the layoff. We made it a priority to treat outgoing employees with respect and announced a
package for U.S. employees that included:
•

Severance: 16 weeks of base pay plus two additional weeks for every year of service.

•

Paid time off: payment for all remaining paid time off.

11

Table of Contents

•

Restricted stock unit vesting: receipt of November 2022 vesting for outstanding employee restricted stock unit awards.

•

Health insurance: coverage of the cost of healthcare for employees and their families for six months.

•

Career services: three months of career support with an external vendor, including early access to unpublished job leads.

•

Immigration support: dedicated immigration specialists to help guide employees based on their needs.

We offered similar support for outgoing employees outside of the United States, taking into account local employment laws.
Employee Learning and Development
We value our investment in growing and keeping a highly skilled and efficient workforce. In addition to permitting employees to seek education
reimbursement, we offer career development opportunities and work experience programs that extend beyond the physical and virtual classroom. To do this, we
utilize various learning modalities, such as live virtual and in-person learning experiences, on-demand e-learning, self-service resources, learning communities,
and coaching engagements.
The Pulse of Our Workforce
Each year, we conduct company-wide employee surveys to help understand how employees feel about working at Meta and what we can do to improve
their experience. Our surveys help us measure company, manager, and personal experience over time. Further, our more frequent surveys, such as those that
have been administered daily to an ongoing random sample of employees, allows us to measure real-time sentiment around emerging events and company
changes. These surveys are designed to invite feedback and actionable suggestions, inform decisions, and drive change across the company.
Health and Well-being
Meta's health and well-being programs are designed to give employees a choice of flexible benefits to help them reach their personal well-being goals.
Our programs are tailored to help boost employee physical and mental health, create financial peace of mind, provide support for families, and help employees
build a strong community. Programs are designed and funded to support needs like autism care, cancer care, transgender services, holistic well-being, and
mental health programs, which represent a few of the ways we support our employees and their dependents.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We work to build a diverse and inclusive workplace where we can leverage our collective cognitive diversity to build the best products and make the
best decisions for the global community we serve.
We offer full-time fully remote positions, including in locations where we do not have offices, which has deepened the diversity of our candidate pool.
As published in our Diversity Report in July 2022, we saw that providing remote optionality increased the diversity of the overall composition of our
workforce: U.S candidates who accepted remote job offers were substantially more likely to be Black, Hispanic, Native American, Alaskan Native, Pacific
Islander, veterans and/or people with disabilities, and globally, candidates who accepted remote job offers were more likely to be women.
As part of our 2022 Diversity Report, we published our global gender diversity and U.S. ethnic diversity workforce data. As of June 30, 2022, our global
employee base was comprised of 37.1% females and 62.9% males, and our U.S. employee base was comprised of the following ethnicities: 46.5% Asian,
37.6% White, 6.7% Hispanic, 4.9% Black, 4.0% two or more ethnicities, and 0.3% additional groups (including American Indian or Alaska Native and Native
Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander).
We want our products to work for the world and we need to grow and keep the best talent in order to do that. To aid in this effort, we have taken steps to
reduce bias from our hiring processes and performance management systems.

12

Table of Contents

We have also invested in learning opportunities to identify and reduce inherent bias through Diversity, Equity and Inclusion trainings for our employees
and enhanced learning and development courses. In addition, we offer career development programs to employees, including opportunities for women leaders
at Meta to connect, support and grow together and programs to help ensure that we develop leaders of color, build a more diverse leadership pipeline and foster
a culture of sponsorship through leader advocacy.
Compensation and Benefits
We offer competitive compensation to attract and retain the best people, and we help care for our people so they can focus on our mission. Our
employees' total compensation package includes market-competitive salary, bonuses or sales incentives, and equity. We generally offer full-time employees
equity at the time of hire and through annual equity grants because we want them to be owners of the company and committed to our long-term success. We
have conducted pay equity analyses for many years, and continue to be committed to pay equity. In 2022, we announced that our analyses indicate that we
continue to have pay equity across genders globally and race in the United States for people in similar jobs, accounting for factors such as location, role, and
level.
Through Life@ Meta, our holistic approach to benefits, we provide our employees and their dependents with resources to help them thrive. We offer a
wide range of benefits across areas such as health, family, finance, community, and time away, including healthcare and wellness benefits, family building
benefits, family care resources, retirement savings plans, access to tax and legal services, and Meta Resource Groups to build community at Meta.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. We completed our initial public offering in May 2012 and our Class A common stock is currently listed
on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "META." Our principal executive offices are located at 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California
94025, and our telephone number is (650) 543-4800.
Meta, the Meta logo, Facebook, FB, Instagram, Oculus, WhatsApp, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Meta Platforms, Inc. or its affiliates. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K are the property of their respective owners.
Available Information
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to
Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC.
Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at investor.fb.com when such reports are available on
the SEC's website. We use our investor.fb.com and about.fb.com/news/ websites as well as Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook Page (www.facebook.com/zuck) and
Instagram account (www.instagram.com/zuck) as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under
Regulation FD.
The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.
The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to
be inactive textual references only.

13

Table of Contents

Item 1A. Risk Factors
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and
uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements
and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that
we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our
Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.
Summary Risk Factors
Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to,
risks related to:
Risks Related to Our Product Offerings
•

our ability to add and retain users and maintain levels of user engagement with our products;

•

the loss of, or reduction in spending by, our marketers;

•

reduced availability of data signals used by our ad targeting and measurement tools;

•

ineffective operation with mobile operating systems or changes in our relationships with mobile operating system partners;

•

failure of our new products, or changes to our existing products, to attract or retain users or generate revenue;

Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Financial Results
•

our ability to compete effectively;

•

fluctuations in our financial results;

•

unfavorable media coverage and other risks affecting our ability to maintain and enhance our brands;

•

the COVID-19 pandemic, including its impact on our advertising business;

•

acquisitions and our ability to successfully integrate our acquisitions;

•

our ability to build, maintain, and scale our technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in our service;

•

operating our business in multiple countries around the world;

•

litigation, including class action lawsuits;

Risks Related to Government Regulation and Enforcement
•

government restrictions on access to Facebook or our other products, or other actions that impair our ability to sell advertising, in their countries;

•

complex and evolving U.S. and foreign privacy, data use and data protection, content, competition, consumer protection, and other laws and
regulations;

14

Table of Contents

•

the impact of government investigations, enforcement actions, and settlements, including litigation and investigations by privacy and competition
authorities;

•

our ability to comply with regulatory and legislative privacy requirements, including our consent order with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC);

Risks Related to Data, Security, and Intellectual Property
•

the occurrence of security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, and other cyber incidents or undesirable activity on our
platform;

•

our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights; and

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
•

limitations on the ability of holders of our Class A Common Stock to influence corporate matters due to the dual class structure of our common stock
and the control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock by our founder, Chairman, and CEO.
Risks Related to Our Product Offerings

If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and
business may be significantly harmed.
The size of our user base and our users' level of engagement across our products are critical to our success. Our financial performance has been and will
continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products that deliver ad impressions, particularly
for Facebook and Instagram. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or
more markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher penetration rates. User growth and engagement are also impacted by a
number of other factors, including competitive products and services, such as TikTok, that have reduced some users' engagement with our products and
services, as well as global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to increases and
decreases in the size and engagement of our active user base from period to period at different points during the pandemic, and may continue to have a varied
impact on the size and engagement of our active user base in the future. In addition, in connection with the war in Ukraine, access to Facebook and Instagram
was restricted in Russia and these services were then prohibited by the Russian government, which contributed to slight declines on a quarter-over-quarter basis
in the number of DAUs and MAUs on Facebook in Europe in the first quarter and the second quarter of 2022, as well as a slight decline on a quarter-overquarter basis in the total number of MAUs on Facebook in the second quarter of 2022. Any future declines in the size of our active user base may adversely
impact our ability to deliver ad impressions and, in turn, our financial performance.
If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or
increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A number of other social networking companies that achieved early popularity have since seen their
active user bases or levels of engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our active
user base or engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we
introduce new and different products and services. Any number of factors can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if:
•

users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services;

•

we fail to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging or if we introduce new products or services, or make changes to
existing products and services, that are not favorably received;

•

users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence, format, size, and quality
of ads that we display;

15

Table of Contents

•

users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing our products on mobile devices as a result of actions by us or third parties that we rely
on to distribute our products and deliver our services;

•

user behavior on any of our products changes, including decreases in the quality and frequency of content shared on our products and services;

•

we are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a variety of mobile operating systems and
networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance;

•

there are decreases in user sentiment due to questions about the quality or usefulness of our products or our user data practices, concerns about the
nature of content made available on our products, or concerns related to privacy, safety, security, well-being, or other factors;

•

we are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to
them;

•

we are unable to obtain or attract engaging third-party content;

•

we are unable to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with applications that integrate with our products;

•

users adopt new technologies where our products may be displaced in favor of other products or services, or may not be featured or otherwise
available;

•

there are changes mandated by legislation, government and regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely affect our products or users;

•

we are unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and Instagram, in Europe, or are otherwise limited
in our business operations, as a result of European regulators, courts, or legislative bodies determining that our reliance on Standard Contractual
Clauses (SCCs) or other legal bases we rely upon to transfer user data from the European Union to the United States is invalid;

•

there is decreased engagement with our products, or failure to accept our terms of service, as part of privacy-focused changes that we have
implemented or may implement in the future, whether voluntarily, in connection with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the European
Union's ePrivacy Directive, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), or other laws, regulations, or regulatory actions, or otherwise;

•

technical or other problems prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the user experience, such as
security breaches or failure to prevent or limit spam or similar content, or users feel their experience is diminished as a result of our efforts to protect
the security and integrity of our platform;

•

we adopt terms, policies, or procedures related to areas such as sharing, content, user data, or advertising, or we take, or fail to take, actions to enforce
our policies, that are perceived negatively by our users or the general public, including as a result of decisions or recommendations from the
independent Oversight Board regarding content on our platform;

•

we elect to focus our product decisions on longer-term initiatives that do not prioritize near-term user growth and engagement (for example, we have
announced plans to focus product decisions on optimizing the young adult experience in the long term);

•

we make changes in our user account login or registration processes or changes in how we promote different products and services across our family
of products;

16

Table of Contents

•

initiatives designed to attract and retain users and engagement, including the use of new technologies such as artificial intelligence, are unsuccessful or
discontinued, whether as a result of actions by us, our competitors, or other third parties, or otherwise;

•

third-party initiatives that may enable greater use of our products, including low-cost or discounted data plans, are scaled back or discontinued, or the
pricing of data plans otherwise increases;

•

there is decreased engagement with our products as a result of taxes imposed on the use of social media or other mobile applications in certain
countries, internet shutdowns, or other actions by governments that affect the accessibility of our products in their countries (for example, beginning in
the first quarter of 2022, our user growth and engagement were adversely affected by the war in Ukraine and service restrictions imposed by the
Russian government);

•

we fail to provide adequate customer service to users, marketers, developers, or other partners;

•

we, developers whose products are integrated with our products, or other partners and companies in our industry are the subject of adverse media
reports or other negative publicity, including as a result of our or their user data practices; or

•

our current or future products, such as our development tools and application programming interfaces that enable developers to build, grow, and
monetize applications, reduce user activity on our products by making it easier for our users to interact and share on third-party applications.

From time to time, certain of these factors have negatively affected user retention, growth, and engagement to varying degrees. If we are unable to
maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, particularly for our significant revenue-generating products like Facebook and Instagram, our revenue
and financial results may be adversely affected. Any significant decrease in user retention, growth, or engagement could render our products less attractive to
users, marketers, and developers, which is likely to have a material and adverse impact on our ability to deliver ad impressions and, accordingly, our revenue,
business, financial condition, and results of operations. As the size of our active user base fluctuates in one or more markets from time to time, we will become
increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization in order to grow revenue.
We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our
business.
Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from marketers advertising on Facebook and Instagram. As is common in the industry, our
marketers do not have long-term advertising commitments with us. Many of our marketers spend only a relatively small portion of their overall advertising
budget with us. Marketers will not continue to do business with us, or they will reduce the budgets they are willing to commit to us, if we do not deliver ads in
an effective manner, if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with us will generate a competitive return relative to other alternatives, or if they
are not satisfied for any other reason. We have implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our user data practices. Some of these changes
reduce our ability to effectively target ads, which has to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. If we
are unable to provide marketers with a suitable return on investment, the demand for our ads may not increase, or may decline, in which case our revenue and
financial results may be harmed.
Our advertising revenue can also be adversely affected by a number of other factors, including:
•

decreases in user engagement, including time spent on our products;

•

our inability to continue to increase user access to and engagement with our products;

•

product changes or inventory management decisions we may make that change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of ads displayed on
our products or of other unpaid content shared by marketers on our products;

17

Table of Contents

•

our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand, the pricing of our ads, or both;

•

our inability to maintain or increase the quantity or quality of ads shown to users;

•

changes to the content or application of third-party policies that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising,
including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such as Apple and Google;

•

adverse litigation, government actions, or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments relating to advertising, including developments that may
impact our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising;

•

user behavior or product changes that may reduce traffic to features or products that we successfully monetize, such as our feed and Stories products,
including as a result of increased usage of our Reels or other video or messaging products;

•

reductions of advertising by marketers due to our efforts to implement or enforce advertising policies that protect the security and integrity of our
platform;

•

the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the value of our
ads to marketers, or our ability to further improve such tools;

•

loss of advertising market share to our competitors, including if prices to purchase our ads increase or if competitors offer lower priced, more
integrated, or otherwise more effective products;

•

limitations on our ability to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and Instagram, in Europe as a result of
European regulators, courts, or legislative bodies determining that our reliance on SCCs or other legal bases we rely upon to transfer user data from
the European Union to the United States is invalid;

•

changes in our marketing and sales or other operations that we are required to or elect to make as a result of risks related to complying with foreign
laws or regulatory requirements or other government actions;

•

decisions by marketers to reduce their advertising as a result of announcements by us or adverse media reports or other negative publicity involving
us, our user data practices, our advertising metrics or tools, content on our products, our interpretation, implementation, or enforcement of policies
relating to content on our products (including as a result of decisions or recommendations from the independent Oversight Board), developers with
applications that are integrated with our products, or other companies in our industry;

•

reductions of advertising by marketers due to objectionable content made available on our products by third parties, questions about our user data
practices or the security of our platform, concerns about brand safety or potential legal liability, or uncertainty regarding their own legal and
compliance obligations;

•

the effectiveness of our ad targeting or degree to which users opt in or out of the use of data for ads, including as a result of product changes and
controls that we have implemented or may implement in the future in connection with the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, California Privacy Rights Act
(CPRA), the Digital Markets Act (DMA), other laws, regulations, regulatory actions, or litigation, or otherwise, that impact our ability to use data for
advertising purposes;

•

the degree to which users cease or reduce the number of times they engage with our ads;

•

changes in the way advertising on mobile devices or on personal computers is measured or priced;

•

the success of technologies designed to block the display of ads or ad measurement tools;

•

changes in the composition of our marketer base or our inability to maintain or grow our marketer base; and

18

Table of Contents

•

the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, whether in the advertising industry in general, or among specific types of marketers or
within particular geographies (for example, the war in Ukraine and service restrictions imposed by the Russian government have adversely affected
our advertising business in Europe and other regions).

From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our advertising revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other
factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our ads, which may reduce the prices we receive for our ads, or cause marketers to stop
advertising with us altogether, either of which would negatively affect our revenue and financial results.
Our ad targeting and measurement tools incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control, as well as signals
generated within our products, and changes to the regulatory environment, third-party mobile operating systems and browsers, and our own products have
impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, the availability of such signals, which will adversely affect our advertising revenue.
Our ad targeting and measurement tools rely on data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control, as well as signals
generated within our products, in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users, and any changes in our ability to use such signals will adversely affect
our business. For example, legislative and regulatory developments, such as the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as
amended by the CPRA, have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, our ability to use such signals in our ad products. In particular, we have seen
increases in the number of users opting to control certain types of ad targeting in Europe following product changes implemented in connection with our GDPR
and ePrivacy Directive compliance, and we have introduced product changes that limit data signal use for certain users in California following adoption of the
CCPA. Regulatory guidance, decisions, or new legislation in these or other jurisdictions, such as the DMA, may require us to make additional changes to our
products in the future that further reduce our ability to use these signals, which has occurred in the past. For example, we expect to implement additional
changes in response to the December 2022 decision by the IDPC regarding the legal basis for our delivery of behavioral advertising in Europe.
In addition, mobile operating system and browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have implemented product changes and/or announced future
plans to limit the ability of websites and application developers to collect and use these signals to target and measure advertising. For example, in 2021, Apple
made certain changes to its products and data use policies in connection with changes to its iOS operating system that reduce our and other iOS developers'
ability to target and measure advertising, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively impact, the size of the budgets marketers
are willing to commit to us and other advertising platforms. In addition, we have implemented, and may continue to implement, product changes that give users
the ability to limit our use of such data signals to improve ads and other experiences on our products and services, including changes implemented in
connection with the GDPR and other regulatory frameworks.
These developments have limited our ability to target and measure the effectiveness of ads on our platform and negatively impacted our advertising
revenue. For example, our advertising revenue has been negatively impacted by marketer reaction to targeting and measurement challenges associated with iOS
changes beginning in 2021. If we are unable to mitigate these developments as they take further effect in the future, our targeting and measurement capabilities
will be materially and adversely affected, which would in turn significantly impact our advertising revenue.
Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies,
products, and standards that we do not control.
The substantial majority of our revenue is generated from advertising on mobile devices. There is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will continue
to feature our products, or that mobile device users will continue to use our products rather than competing products. We are dependent on the interoperability
of our products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS
operating systems and mobile browsers. Changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems, or changes in our relationships with mobile operating system
partners, handset manufacturers, browser developers, or mobile carriers, or in the content or application of their terms of service or policies (which they have
made in the past and continue to seek to implement) that degrade our products' functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to update or distribute our products,
give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of ads, or charge fees related to the
distribution of our products or our delivery of ads have in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect,

19

Table of Contents

the usage of our products and monetization on mobile devices. For example, Apple previously released an update to its Safari browser that limits the use of
third-party cookies, which reduces our ability to provide the most relevant ads to our users and impacts monetization, and also released changes to iOS that
limit our ability to target and measure ads effectively, while expanding their own advertising business. We expect that any similar changes to its, Google's, or
other browser or mobile platforms will further limit our ability to target and measure the effectiveness of ads and impact monetization. Additionally, in order to
deliver high quality mobile products, it is important that our products work well with a range of mobile technologies, products, systems, networks, and
standards that we do not control, and that we have good relationships with handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, and browser developers. We may not be
successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile ecosystem or in developing products that operate effectively with
these technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. In the event that it is more difficult for our users to access and use our products on their mobile
devices, or if our users choose not to access or use our products on their mobile devices or use mobile products that do not offer access to our products, our user
growth and user engagement could be harmed. From time to time, we may also take actions regarding the distribution of our products or the operation of our
business based on what we believe to be in our long-term best interests. Such actions may adversely affect our users and our relationships with the operators of
mobile operating systems, handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, browser developers, other business partners, or advertisers, and there is no assurance that
these actions will result in the anticipated long-term benefits. In the event that our users are adversely affected by these actions or if our relationships with such
third parties deteriorate, our user growth, engagement, and monetization could be adversely affected and our business could be harmed. We have in the past
experienced challenges in operating with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control, and any such
occurrences in the future may negatively impact our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices, which may in turn materially and
adversely affect our business and financial results.
Our new products and changes to existing products could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits, or otherwise adversely affect our
business.
Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing
products and to create successful new products, both independently and in conjunction with developers or other third parties. We may introduce significant
changes to our existing products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products, including using technologies with which we have little or no prior
development or operating experience. For example, we do not have significant experience with consumer hardware products or virtual or augmented reality
technology, which may adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market these products and technologies. We continue to incur substantial costs,
and we may not be successful in generating profits, in connection with these efforts. We are also making significant investments in artificial intelligence (AI)
initiatives, including to recommend relevant unconnected content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, and develop new product features using
generative AI. These efforts, including the introduction of new products or changes to existing products, may result in new or enhanced governmental or
regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. We have also
invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources in growing our messaging products to support increasing usage of such products. We have
historically monetized messaging in only a limited fashion, and we may not be successful in our efforts to generate meaningful revenue or profits from
messaging over the long term. In addition, we are moving forward with plans to implement end-to-end encryption across our messaging services, as well as
facilitate cross-app communication between these platforms, which are subject to governmental and regulatory scrutiny in multiple jurisdictions. If our new
products or changes to existing products fail to engage users, marketers, or developers, or if our business plans are unsuccessful, we may fail to attract or retain
users or to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments, and our business may be adversely affected.
We make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.
We frequently make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results if we believe that the decisions are consistent
with our mission and benefit the aggregate user experience and will thereby improve our financial performance over the long term. For example, we have
implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our user data practices. Some of these changes reduce our ability to effectively target ads, which
has to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. For example, our Off-Facebook Activity tool enables
users to place limits on our storage and use of information about their interactions with advertisers' apps and websites, which reduces our ability to deliver the
most relevant and effective ads to our users. Similarly, from time to time we update our feed display and ranking algorithms or other product features to
optimize the user experience, and these changes have had, and

20

Table of Contents

may in the future have, the effect of reducing time spent and some measures of user engagement with our products, which could adversely affect our financial
results. From time to time, we also change the size, frequency, or relative prominence of ads as part of our product and monetization strategies. In addition, we
have made, and we expect to continue to make, other changes to our products which may adversely affect the distribution of content of publishers, marketers,
and developers, and could reduce their incentive to invest in their efforts on our products. We also may introduce new features or other changes to existing
products, or introduce new stand-alone products, that attract users away from properties, formats, or use cases where we have more proven means of
monetization, such as our feed products. In addition, as we focus on growing users and engagement across our family of products, from time to time these
efforts have reduced, and may in the future reduce, engagement with one or more products and services in favor of other products or services that we monetize
less successfully or that are not growing as quickly. For example, we plan to continue to promote Reels, which we do not currently monetize at the same rate as
our feed or Stories products. These decisions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may not produce the long-term benefits that we
expect.
We may not be successful in our metaverse strategy and investments, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
We believe the metaverse, an embodied internet where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next evolution in
social technology. In 2021, we announced a shift in our business and product strategy to focus on helping to bring the metaverse to life. We expect this will be a
complex, evolving, and long-term initiative that will involve the development of new and emerging technologies, continued investment in infrastructure as well
as privacy, safety, and security efforts, and collaboration with other companies, developers, partners, and other participants. However, the metaverse may not
develop in accordance with our expectations, and market acceptance of features, products, or services we build for the metaverse is uncertain. We regularly
evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas
and designs evolve. In addition, we have limited experience with consumer hardware products and virtual and augmented reality technology, which may enable
other companies to compete more effectively than us. We may be unsuccessful in our research and product development efforts, including if we are unable to
develop relationships with key participants in the metaverse or develop products that operate effectively with metaverse technologies, products, systems,
networks, or standards. Our metaverse efforts may also divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We expect to continue to
make significant investments in virtual and augmented reality and other technologies to support these efforts, and our ability to support these efforts is
dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. In addition, as our metaverse efforts evolve, we may be subject to a variety of
existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including in the areas of privacy, safety, competition, content
regulation, consumer protection, and e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development of our products and services, increase our operating costs,
require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business. As a result of these or other factors, our metaverse strategy and investments
may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to expand our base of users, marketers, and developers may be impaired, and our
business and financial results may be harmed.
We believe that our brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is
critical to expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. Many of our new users are referred by existing users. Maintaining and enhancing our brands
will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products, which we may not do successfully. We may
introduce new products or terms of service or policies that users do not like, which may negatively affect our brands. Additionally, the actions of our developers
or advertisers may affect our brands if users do not have a positive experience using third-party applications integrated with our products or interacting with
parties that advertise through our products. We will also continue to experience media, legislative, or regulatory scrutiny of our actions or decisions regarding
user privacy, data use, encryption, content, product design, algorithms, advertising, competition, and other issues, including actions or decisions in connection
with elections, the COVID-19 pandemic, or geopolitical events, which has in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our reputation
and brands. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became the subject of media, legislative, and regulatory scrutiny as a result of a former employee's
allegations and release of internal company documents relating to, among other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement
practices, as well as misinformation and other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. In addition, in March 2018, we announced
developments regarding the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in

21

Table of Contents

violation of our terms and policies. We also may fail to respond expeditiously or appropriately to the sharing of objectionable content on our services or
objectionable practices by advertisers or developers, or to otherwise enforce our policies or address user concerns, which has occurred in the past and which
could erode confidence in our brands. Our brands may also be negatively affected by the actions of users that are deemed to be hostile or inappropriate to other
users, by the actions of users acting under false or inauthentic identities, by the use of our products or services to disseminate information that is deemed to be
misleading (or intended to manipulate opinions), by perceived or actual efforts by governments to obtain access to user information for security-related
purposes or to censor certain content on our platform, by the use of our products or services for illicit or objectionable ends, including, for example, any such
actions around the pandemic, geopolitical events, or elections in the United States and around the world, by decisions or recommendations regarding content on
our platform from the independent Oversight Board, by research or media reports concerning the perceived or actual impacts of our products or services on
user well-being, or by our decisions regarding whether to remove content or suspend participation on our platform by persons who violate our community
standards or terms of service. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be
successful. Certain of our actions, such as the foregoing matter regarding developer misuse of data and concerns around our handling of political speech and
advertising, hate speech, and other content, as well as user well-being issues, have eroded confidence in our brands and may continue to do so in the future. If
we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business and financial results may be adversely
affected.
We may not be able to continue to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with applications that integrate with our products.
We have made and are continuing to make investments to enable developers to build, grow, and monetize applications that integrate with our products.
Such existing and prospective developers may not be successful in building, growing, or monetizing applications that create and maintain user engagement.
Additionally, developers may choose to build on other platforms, including platforms controlled by third parties, rather than building products that integrate
with our products. We are continuously seeking to balance the distribution objectives of our developers with our desire to provide an optimal user experience,
and we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain such developers. For example, from time to time, we have taken actions
to reduce the volume of communications from these developers to users on our products with the objective of enhancing the user experience, and such actions
have reduced distribution from, user engagement with, and our monetization opportunities from, applications integrated with our products. In addition, as part
of our efforts related to privacy, safety, and security, we conduct investigations and audits of platform applications from time to time, and we also have
announced several product changes that restrict developer access to certain user data. In some instances, these actions, as well as other actions to enforce our
policies applicable to developers, have adversely affected, or will adversely affect, our relationships with developers. If we are not successful in our efforts to
maintain or grow the number of developers that choose to build products that integrate with our products or if we are unable to continue to build and maintain
good relations with such developers, our user growth and user engagement and our financial results may be adversely affected.
Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Financial Results
Our business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business.
We compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies
that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face
significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate,
and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. We compete to attract, engage, and retain
people who use our products, to attract and retain businesses that use our free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who
build compelling applications that integrate with our products. We also compete with companies that develop and deliver consumer hardware and virtual and
augmented reality products and services. As we introduce or acquire new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other companies introduce new
products and services, including as part of efforts to develop the metaverse or innovate through the application of new technologies such as artificial
intelligence, we may become subject to additional competition.

22

Table of Contents

Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources, experience, or stronger competitive positions in certain product segments,
geographic regions, or user demographics than we do. For example, some of our competitors may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political,
legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more effectively than
us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions. We believe that some users, particularly younger users, are aware of and actively
engaging with other products and services similar to, or as a substitute for, our products and services, and we believe that some users have reduced their use of
and engagement with our products and services in favor of these other products and services. In the event that users increasingly engage with other products
and services, we may experience a decline in use and engagement in key user demographics or more broadly, in which case our business would likely be
harmed.
Our competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching
and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Some competitors may gain a competitive
advantage against us in areas where we operate, including: by making acquisitions; by limiting our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of ads;
by imposing fees or other charges related to our delivery of ads; by making access to our products more difficult or impossible; by making it more difficult to
communicate with our users; or by integrating competing platforms, applications, or features into products they control such as mobile device operating
systems, search engines, browsers, or e-commerce platforms. For example, each of Apple and Google have integrated competitive products with iOS and
Android, respectively. In addition, Apple has released changes to iOS that limit our ability, and the ability of others in the digital advertising industry, to target
and measure ads effectively. As a result, our competitors may, and in some cases will, acquire and engage users or generate advertising or other revenue at the
expense of our own efforts, which would negatively affect our business and financial results. In addition, from time to time, we may take actions in response to
competitive threats, but we cannot assure you that these actions will be successful or that they will not negatively affect our business and financial results.
We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including:
•

the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products;

•

the size and composition of our user base;

•

the engagement of users with our products and competing products;

•

our ability to attract and retain businesses who use our free or paid business and advertising services;

•

the timing and market acceptance of products, including developments and enhancements to our or our competitors' products;

•

our safety and security efforts and our ability to protect user data and to provide users with control over their data;

•

our ability to distribute our products to new and existing users;

•

our ability to monetize our products;

•

the frequency, size, format, quality, and relative prominence of the ads displayed by us or our competitors;

•

customer service and support efforts;

•

marketing and selling efforts, including our ability to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to provide marketers with a compelling return on their
investments;

•

our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building applications that integrate with our products;

•

our ability to establish and maintain publisher interest in integrating their content with our products;

23

Table of Contents

•

changes mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities, or litigation, some of which may have a disproportionate effect on us;

•

acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors;

•

our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers;

•

our ability to cost-effectively manage and grow our operations; and

•

our reputation and brand strength relative to those of our competitors.

If we are not able to compete effectively, our user base, level of user engagement, and ability to deliver ad impressions may decrease, we may become
less attractive to developers and marketers, and our revenue and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
Our financial results will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict.
Our quarterly financial results have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Additionally, we have a limited operating history with the
current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results. As a result, you should not rely upon our past quarterly financial results as
indicators of future performance. You should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in rapidly evolving markets.
Our financial results in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control,
including:
•

our ability to maintain and grow our user base and user engagement, particularly for our products that deliver ad impressions;

•

our ability to attract and retain marketers in a particular period;

•

our ability to recognize revenue or collect payments from marketers in a particular period;

•

fluctuations in spending by our marketers due to seasonality, such as historically strong spending in the fourth quarter of each year, episodic regional
or global events, including the COVID-19 pandemic, or other factors;

•

the frequency, prominence, size, format, and quality of ads shown to users;

•

the success of technologies designed to block the display of ads;

•

changes to the content or application of third-party policies that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising,
including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such as Apple and Google;

•

the pricing of our ads and other products;

•

the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond advertising on Facebook and Instagram;

•

our ability to generate revenue from Payments, or the sale of our consumer hardware products or other products we may introduce in the future;

•

changes to existing products or services or the development and introduction of new products or services by us or our competitors;

•

user behavior or product changes that may reduce traffic to features or products that we successfully monetize;

24

Table of Contents

•

increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that we will incur to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive, including
costs related to our data centers and technical infrastructure;

•

costs related to our privacy, safety, security, and content review efforts, including as a result of implementing changes to our practices, whether
voluntarily, in connection with laws, regulations, regulatory actions, or decisions or recommendations from the independent Oversight Board, or
otherwise;

•

costs and expenses related to the development, manufacturing, and delivery of our consumer hardware products;

•

our ability to maintain gross margins and operating margins;

•

costs related to acquisitions, including costs associated with amortization and additional investments to develop the acquired technologies;

•

charges associated with impairment or abandonment of any assets on our balance sheet, including as a result of changes to our real property lease
arrangements and data center assets;

•

our ability to obtain equipment, components, and labor for our data centers and other technical infrastructure in a timely and cost-effective manner;

•

system failures or outages or government blocking that prevent us from serving ads for any period of time;

•

breaches of security or privacy, and the costs associated with any such breaches and remediation;

•

changes in the manner in which we distribute our products or inaccessibility of our products due to third-party actions;

•

fees paid to third parties for content or the distribution of our products;

•

refunds or other concessions provided to advertisers;

•

share-based compensation expense, including acquisition-related expense;

•

adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related costs;

•

changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to privacy, data protection, and content, or actions by governments or
regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees;

•

the overall tax rate for our business, which is affected by the mix of income we earn in the U.S. and in jurisdictions with different tax rates, the effects
of share-based compensation, the effects of integrating intellectual property from acquisitions, the effects of changes in our business or structure, and
the effects of discrete items such as legal and tax settlements and tax elections;

•

the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such laws are enacted or
interpretations are issued, and may significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period;

•

tax obligations that may arise from resolutions of tax examinations, including the examination we are currently under by the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS), that materially differ from the amounts we have anticipated;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of our revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies;

•

trading activity in our share repurchase program;

25

Table of Contents

•

fluctuations in the market values of our investments in marketable securities, in the valuation of our non-marketable equity securities, and in interest
rates;

•

the incurrence of indebtedness or our ability to refinance existing indebtedness on acceptable terms;

•

changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and

•

changes in regional or global business, macroeconomic, or geopolitical conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may
impact the other factors described above.

Unfavorable media coverage negatively affects our business from time to time.
We receive a high degree of media coverage around the world. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our privacy practices, advertising policies,
product decisions, product quality, litigation or regulatory activity, government surveillance, the actions of our advertisers, the actions of our developers whose
products are integrated with our products, the use of our products or services for illicit or objectionable ends, the substance or enforcement of our community
standards, terms of service, or other policies, the actions of our users, the quality and integrity of content shared on our platform, the perceived or actual
impacts of our products or services on user well-being, or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to ours, has in the past, and could in the
future, adversely affect our reputation. For example, we have been the subject of significant media coverage involving concerns around our handling of
political speech and advertising, hate speech, and other content, as well as user well-being issues, and we continue to receive negative publicity related to these
topics. Beginning in September 2021, we became the subject of significant media coverage as a result of allegations and the release of internal company
documents by a former employee. In addition, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to negative publicity in connection with our handling of
misinformation and other illicit or objectionable use of our products or services, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical events,
and elections in the United States and around the world. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our
user base and marketer demand for advertising on our products, which could result in decreased revenue and adversely affect our business and financial results,
and we have experienced such adverse effects to varying degrees from time to time.
The COVID-19 pandemic has previously had, and may in the future have, a significant adverse impact on our advertising revenue and also exposes our
business to other risks.
We are subject to public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has previously significantly impacted, and may in the future impact, our
business and results of operations. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in authorities implementing numerous preventative measures from time to
time to contain or mitigate the outbreak of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity, quarantines, and shelter-in-place
orders, which have previously caused, and may in the future cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in certain affected countries and regions. These
developments led to volatility in the demand for and pricing of our advertising services at various points throughout the pandemic, and we may experience
similar effects in the future. In addition to the impact on our advertising business, the pandemic exposes our business, operations, and workforce to a variety of
other risks, including:
•

volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement, particularly for our messaging products, whether as a result of shelter-in-place measures or
other factors;

•

delays in product development or releases, or reductions in manufacturing production and sales of consumer hardware, as a result of inventory
shortages, supply chain or labor shortages;

•

increased misuse of our products and services or user data by third parties, including improper advertising practices or other activity inconsistent with
our terms, contracts, or policies, misinformation or other illicit or objectionable material on our platforms, election interference, or other undesirable
activity;

•

significant volatility and disruption of global financial markets, which could cause fluctuations in currency exchange rates or negatively impact our
ability to access capital in the future;

•

illnesses to key employees, or a significant portion of our workforce, which may result in inefficiencies, delays, and disruptions in our business; and

26

Table of Contents

•

increased volatility and uncertainty in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates used in our financial statements.
Any of these developments may adversely affect our business, harm our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory actions against us.

Our costs are continuing to grow, and some of our investments, particularly our investments in virtual and augmented reality, have the effect of reducing
our operating margin and profitability. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will be harmed.
Operating our business is costly, and we expect our expenses to continue to increase in the future as we broaden our user base, as users increase the
amount and types of content they consume and the data they share with us, for example with respect to video, as we develop and implement new products, as
we market new and existing products and promote our brands, as we continue to expand our technical infrastructure, as we continue to invest in new and
unproven technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, and as we continue our efforts to focus on privacy, safety, security, and content
review. We have recently undertaken cost reduction measures in light of a more challenging operating environment, which may adversely affect these or other
business initiatives, and some of these measures have involved, and may in the future involve, up-front charges and outlays of cash to reduce certain longerterm expenses. In addition, from time to time we are subject to settlements, judgments, fines, or other monetary penalties in connection with legal and
regulatory developments that may be material to our business. We are also continuing to increase our investments in new platforms and technologies, including
as part of our efforts related to building the metaverse. Some of these investments, particularly our significant investments in virtual and augmented reality,
have generated only limited revenue and reduced our operating margin and profitability, and we expect the adverse financial impact of such investments to
continue for the foreseeable future. For example, our investments in Reality Labs reduced our 2022 overall operating profit by approximately $13.72 billion,
and we expect our investments to increase in the future. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will be
harmed.
We plan to continue to make acquisitions and pursue other strategic transactions, which could impact our financial condition or results of operations and
may adversely affect the price of our common stock.
As part of our business strategy, we have made and intend to continue to make acquisitions to add specialized employees and complementary
companies, products, or technologies, and from time to time may enter into other strategic transactions such as investments and joint ventures. We may not be
able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions on favorable terms, or at all,
including as a result of regulatory challenges. For example, in 2022, the United Kingdom Competition and Markets Authority directed us to divest our Giphy
acquisition. In addition, in 2022, the FTC filed lawsuits against us to enjoin our proposed acquisition of Within Unlimited. In some cases, the costs of such
acquisitions or other strategic transactions may be substantial, and there is no assurance that we will realize expected synergies and potential monetization
opportunities for our acquisitions or a favorable return on investment for our strategic investments.
We may pay substantial amounts of cash or incur debt to pay for acquisitions or other strategic transactions, which has occurred in the past and could
adversely affect our liquidity. The incurrence of indebtedness also results in increased fixed obligations and increased interest expense, and could also include
covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. We may also issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions and we
regularly grant RSUs to retain the employees of acquired companies, which could increase our expenses, adversely affect our financial results, and result in
dilution to our stockholders. In addition, any acquisitions or other strategic transactions we announce could be viewed negatively by users, marketers,
developers, or investors, which may adversely affect our business or the price of our Class A common stock.
We may also discover liabilities, deficiencies, or other claims associated with the companies or assets we acquire that were not identified in advance,
which may result in significant unanticipated costs. The effectiveness of our due diligence review and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence
are dependent upon the accuracy and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by the companies we acquire or their representatives, as
well as the limited amount of time in which acquisitions are executed. In addition, we may fail to accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or
other strategic transaction, including tax and accounting charges. Acquisitions or other strategic transactions

27

Table of Contents

may also result in our recording of significant additional expenses to our results of operations and recording of substantial finite-lived intangible assets on our
balance sheet upon closing. Any of these factors may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
We may not be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions, and we incur significant costs to integrate and support the companies we acquire.
The integration of acquisitions requires significant time and resources, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that
develop products where we do not have prior experience, and we may not manage these processes successfully. We continue to make substantial investments of
resources to support our acquisitions, which has in the past resulted, and we expect will in the future result, in significant ongoing operating expenses and the
diversion of resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We cannot assure you that these investments will be successful. If we fail to
successfully integrate the companies we acquire, we may not realize the benefits expected from the transaction and our business may be harmed.
Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our
reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical
infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to
time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages
that could be harmful to our business. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users
may not use our products as often in the future, or at all, and our ability to serve ads may be disrupted, any of which could adversely affect our business and
financial performance. We have experienced such issues to varying degrees from time to time. For example, in October 2021, a combination of an error and a
bug resulted in an approximately six-hour outage of our services. In addition, as the amount and types of information shared on our products continue to grow
and evolve, as the usage patterns of our global community continue to evolve, and as our internal operational demands continue to grow, we will need an
increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our needs. It is possible that we may fail
to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands, which may adversely affect our user
engagement and advertising revenue. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, adverse weather
conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, other physical security threats, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events. Global
climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Any such events may result in users
being subject to service disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or
provide our services, which may adversely affect our financial results. We also have been, and may in the future be, subject to increased energy and/or other
costs to maintain the availability or performance of our products in connection with any such events.
A substantial portion of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties. Any disruption or failure in the services we receive from these providers
could harm our ability to handle existing or increased traffic and could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face
may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they
provide. Due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, supply and labor shortages and other
disruptions in logistics and the supply chain for our technical infrastructure. As a result, we have had to make certain changes to our procurement practices, and
in the future we may not be able to procure sufficient components, equipment, or services from third parties to satisfy our needs, or we may be required to
procure such components, equipment, or services on unfavorable terms.
Any of these developments may result in interruptions in the availability or performance of our products, require unfavorable changes to existing
products, delay the introduction of future products, or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.

28

Table of Contents

We could experience unforeseen difficulties in building and operating key portions of our technical infrastructure.
We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure through which we serve our products, and we plan to
continue to significantly expand the size of our infrastructure primarily through data centers, subsea and terrestrial fiber optic cable systems, and other projects.
The infrastructure expansion we are undertaking is complex and involves projects in multiple locations around the world, including in emerging markets that
expose us to increased risks relating to anti-corruption compliance and political challenges, among others. We have in the past suspended, and may in the future
suspend, certain of these projects as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or other factors. Additional unanticipated delays or disruptions in the completion of
these projects, including due to any shortage of labor necessary in building portions of such projects, or availability of components, challenges in obtaining
required government or regulatory approvals, or other geopolitical challenges or actions by governments, whether as a result of the pandemic, trade disputes, or
otherwise, may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, interruptions in the delivery or degradation of the quality or reliability of our
products, or impairment of assets on our balance sheet. In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing
phases of design and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully utilize the underlying equipment, that could further
degrade the user experience or increase our costs. Further, much of our technical infrastructure is located outside the United States, and action by a foreign
government, or our response to such government action, has resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in the impairment of a portion of our technical
infrastructure, which may interrupt the delivery or degrade the quality or reliability of our products and lead to a negative user experience or increase our costs.
Any of these events could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
Real or perceived inaccuracies in our community and other metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.
The numbers for our key metrics, which include our Family metrics (DAP, MAP, and average revenue per person (ARPP)) and Facebook metrics
(DAUs, MAUs, and average revenue per user (ARPU)), are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts. While these numbers
are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring
usage of our products across large online and mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant
judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve our estimates of our user base, and
such estimates may change due to improvements or changes in our methodology. We regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from
time to time we discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics.
Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for such
adjustments. We generally do not intend to update previously disclosed Family metrics for any such inaccuracies or adjustments that are within the error
margins disclosed below.
In addition, our Family metrics and Facebook metrics estimates will differ from estimates published by third parties due to differences in methodology.
Many people in our community have user accounts on more than one of our products, and some people have multiple user accounts within an individual
product. Accordingly, for our Family metrics, we do not seek to count the total number of user accounts across our products because we believe that would not
reflect the actual size of our community. Rather, our Family metrics represent our estimates of the number of unique people using at least one of Facebook,
Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and
therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. To calculate these metrics, we rely upon complex
techniques, algorithms and machine learning models that seek to count the individual people behind user accounts, including by matching multiple user
accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and counting such group of
accounts as one person. These techniques and models require significant judgment, are subject to data and other limitations discussed below, and inherently are
subject to statistical variances and uncertainties. We estimate the potential error in our Family metrics primarily based on user survey data, which itself is
subject to error as well. While we expect the error margin for our Family metrics to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be
approximately 3% of our worldwide MAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people,
and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our products may vary significantly from our estimates,

29

Table of Contents

potentially beyond our estimated error margins. As a result, it is also possible that our Family metrics may indicate changes or trends in user numbers that do
not match actual changes or trends.
To calculate our estimates of Family DAP and MAP, we currently use a series of machine learning models that are developed based on internal reviews
of limited samples of user accounts and calibrated against user survey data. We apply significant judgment in designing these models and calculating these
estimates. For example, to match user accounts within individual products and across multiple products, we use data signals such as similar device information,
IP addresses, and user names. We also calibrate our models against data from periodic user surveys of varying sizes and frequency across our products, which
are inherently subject to error. The timing and results of such user surveys have in the past contributed, and may in the future contribute, to changes in our
reported Family metrics from period to period. In addition, our data limitations may affect our understanding of certain details of our business and increase the
risk of error for our Family metrics estimates. Our techniques and models rely on a variety of data signals from different products, and we rely on more limited
data signals for some products compared to others. For example, as a result of limited visibility into encrypted products, we have fewer data signals from
WhatsApp user accounts and primarily rely on phone numbers and device information to match WhatsApp user accounts with accounts on our other products.
Similarly, although Messenger Kids users are included in our Family metrics, we do not seek to match their accounts with accounts on our other applications
for purposes of calculating DAP and MAP. Any loss of access to data signals we use in our process for calculating Family metrics, whether as a result of our
own product decisions, actions by third-party browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact the stability
or accuracy of our reported Family metrics, as well as our ability to report these metrics at all. Our estimates of Family metrics also may change as our
methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies, product changes, or other improvements in our user surveys,
algorithms, or machine learning that may improve our ability to match accounts within and across our products or otherwise evaluate the broad population of
our users. In addition, such evolution may allow us to identify previously undetected violating accounts (as defined below).
We regularly evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our MAP consisting solely of "violating" accounts. We define "violating"
accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. In the fourth quarter of
2022, we estimated that approximately 3% of our worldwide MAP consisted solely of violating accounts. Such estimation is based on an internal review of a
limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look for account information and behaviors
associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic to the reviewers, but we have limited visibility into WhatsApp user activity due
to encryption. In addition, if we believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating accounts
estimation as long as we believe they have one account that does not constitute a violating account. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make
product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP and MAP estimates in a
particular period. We intend to disclose our estimates of the percentage of our MAP consisting solely of violating accounts on an annual basis. Violating
accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.
We also regularly evaluate our Facebook metrics to estimate the number of "duplicate" and "false" accounts among our MAUs. A duplicate account is
one that a user maintains in addition to his or her principal account. We divide "false" accounts into two categories: (1) user-misclassified accounts, where users
have created personal profiles for a business, organization, or non-human entity such as a pet (such entities are permitted on Facebook using a Page rather than
a personal profile under our terms of service); and (2) violating accounts, which represent user profiles that we believe are intended to be used for purposes that
violate our terms of service, such as bots and spam. The estimates of duplicate and false accounts are based on an internal review of a limited sample of
accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, to identify duplicate accounts we use data signals such as identical IP
addresses and similar user names, and to identify false accounts we look for names that appear to be fake or other behavior that appears inauthentic to the
reviewers. Any loss of access to data signals we use in this process, whether as a result of our own product decisions, actions by third-party browser or mobile
platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact the stability or accuracy of our estimates of duplicate and false accounts.
Our estimates also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of new data signals or technologies or product changes that may
allow us to identify previously undetected duplicate or false accounts and may improve our ability to evaluate a broader population of our users. Duplicate and
false accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and it is possible that the actual number of duplicate and false accounts may vary significantly from our
estimates.

30

Table of Contents

In the fourth quarter of 2022, we estimated that duplicate accounts may have represented approximately 11% of our worldwide MAUs. We believe the
percentage of duplicate accounts is meaningfully higher in developing markets such as the Philippines and Vietnam, as compared to more developed markets.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, we estimated that false accounts may have represented approximately 4-5% of our worldwide MAUs. Our estimation of false
accounts can vary as a result of episodic spikes in the creation of such accounts, which we have seen originate more frequently in specific countries such as
Indonesia, Nigeria, and Vietnam. From time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of
duplicate or false accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAU and MAU estimates in a particular period. We intend to disclose our estimates of
the number of duplicate and false accounts among our MAUs on an annual basis.
Other data limitations also may affect our understanding of certain details of our business. For example, while user-provided data indicates a decline in
usage among younger users, this age data may be unreliable because a disproportionate number of our younger users register with an inaccurate age.
Accordingly, our understanding of usage by age group may not be complete.
In addition, our data regarding the geographic location of our users is estimated based on a number of factors, such as the user's IP address and selfdisclosed location. These factors may not always accurately reflect the user's actual location. For example, a user may appear to be accessing Facebook from
the location of the proxy server that the user connects to rather than from the user's actual location. The methodologies used to measure our metrics are also
susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors, and our estimates for revenue by user location and revenue by user device are also affected by these factors.
In addition, from time to time we provide, or rely on, certain other metrics and estimates, including those relating to the reach and effectiveness of our
ads. Many of our metrics involve the use of estimations and judgments, and our metrics and estimates are subject to software bugs, inconsistencies in our
systems, and human error. Such metrics and estimates also change from time to time due to improvements or changes in our terminology or methodology,
including as a result of loss of access to data signals we use in calculating such metrics and estimates. We have in the past been, and may in the future be,
subject to litigation as well as marketer, regulatory, and other inquiries regarding the accuracy of such metrics and estimates. Where marketers, developers, or
investors do not perceive our metrics or estimates to be accurate, or where we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or estimates, we may be subject to
liability, our reputation may be harmed, and marketers and developers may be less willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our products that deliver ad
impressions, which could negatively affect our business and financial results.
We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our scale.
Our employee headcount and the scale and complexity of our business have increased significantly over time. The scale of our business and breadth of
our products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources, including managing multiple relationships with users,
marketers, developers, and other third parties, and maintaining information technology systems and internal controls and procedures that support the scale and
complexity of our business. In addition, some members of our management do not have significant experience managing a large global business operation, so
our management may not be able to manage our scale effectively. To effectively manage our scale, we must maintain, and continue to adapt, our operational,
financial, and management processes and systems, manage our headcount and facilities, and effectively train and manage our personnel. Many of our personnel
work remotely, which may lead to challenges in productivity and collaboration. In addition, from time to time, we implement organizational changes to pursue
greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. For example, in 2022, we announced a layoff of approximately 11,000 employees and
initiated several measures to scale down our office facilities. As our organization continues to evolve, and we are required to implement and adapt complex
organizational management structures, we may find it difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and
launch new and innovative products. This could negatively affect our business performance.
We have significant international operations and plan to continue expanding our operations abroad where we have more limited operating experience, and
this may subject us to increased business, economic, and legal risks that could affect our financial results.
We have significant international operations and plan to continue the international expansion of our business operations and the translation of our
products. We currently make Facebook available in more than 100 different languages,

31

Table of Contents

and we have offices or data centers in approximately 40 different countries. We may enter new international markets where we have limited or no experience in
marketing, selling, and deploying our products. Our products are generally available globally, but some or all of our products or functionality may not be
available in certain markets due to legal and regulatory complexities. For example, several of our products are not generally available in China. We also
outsource certain operational functions to third parties globally. If we fail to deploy, manage, or oversee our international operations successfully, our business
may suffer. In addition, we are subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including:
•

political, social, or economic instability;

•

risks related to legal, regulatory, and other government scrutiny applicable to U.S. companies with sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions,
including with respect to privacy, tax, law enforcement, content, trade compliance, supply chain, competition, consumer protection, intellectual
property, environmental, health and safety, licensing, and infrastructure matters;

•

potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship or requirements to provide user
information to local authorities;

•

enhanced difficulty in reviewing content on our platform and enforcing our community standards across different languages and countries;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and compliance with currency controls;

•

foreign exchange controls and tax and other regulations and orders that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the United
States or otherwise limit our ability to move cash freely, and impede our ability to invest such cash efficiently;

•

higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud;

•

enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions;

•

burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including laws related to taxation, content removal, content moderation, data localization, data
protection, e-commerce and payments, and regulatory oversight;

•

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;

•

difficulties in staffing, managing, and overseeing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with
multiple international locations, including difficulties arising from personnel working remotely;

•

compliance with statutory equity requirements and management of tax consequences; and

•

geopolitical events affecting us, our marketers or our industry, including trade disputes, armed conflicts, and pandemics.

In addition, we must manage the potential conflicts between locally accepted business practices in any given jurisdiction and our obligations to comply
with laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws or regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery
Act 2010. We also must manage our obligations to comply with laws and regulations related to import and export controls, trade restrictions, and sanctions,
including regulations established by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. Government agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal
penalties they may seek to impose against companies for violations of anti-corruption laws or regulations, import and export controls, trade restrictions,
sanctions, and other laws, rules, and regulations.
If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our financial results could be adversely
affected. We also may be required to or elect to cease or modify our operations or the offering of our products and services in certain regions, including as a
result of the risks described above, which could adversely affect our business, user growth and engagement, and financial results.

32

Table of Contents

We face design, manufacturing, and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results.
We face a number of risks related to design, manufacturing, and supply chain management with respect to our consumer hardware products. For
example, the consumer hardware products we sell from time to time have had, and in the future may have, quality issues resulting from the design or
manufacture of the products, or from the software used in the products. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other
manufacturers or suppliers. Our brand and financial results could be adversely affected by any such quality issues, other failures to meet our customers'
expectations, or findings of our consumer hardware products to be defective.
We rely on third parties to manufacture and manage the logistics of transporting and distributing our consumer hardware products, which subjects us to a
number of risks that have been exacerbated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, supply or labor
shortages or other disruptions in logistics and the supply chain, which could result in shipping delays and negatively impact our operations, product
development, and sales. We could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable
terms, or if those we engage with fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties, manufacturing or supply constraints, or other reasons), or
make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of such arrangements with them. The manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our consumer
hardware products also may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical challenges, trade disputes, or other actions by governments that
subject us to supply shortages, increased costs, or supply chain or logistics disruptions.
We also require the suppliers and business partners of our consumer hardware products to comply with laws and certain company policies regarding
sourcing practices and standards on labor, trade compliance, health and safety, the environment, and business ethics, but we do not control them or their
practices and standards. If any of them violates laws, fails to implement changes in accordance with newly enacted laws, or implements practices or standards
regarded as unethical, corrupt, or non-compliant, we could experience supply chain disruptions, government action or fines, canceled orders, or damage to our
reputation.
We face inventory risk with respect to our consumer hardware products.
We are exposed to inventory risks with respect to our consumer hardware products as a result of rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, unsafe or
defective merchandise, supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our
consumer hardware products, and other factors. The demand for our products can also change significantly between the time inventory or components are
ordered and the date of sale. While we endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking consumer hardware products we
may sell, from time to time we have experienced difficulties in accurately predicting and meeting the consumer demand for our products. In addition, when we
begin selling or manufacturing a new consumer hardware product or enter new international markets, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships,
determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may
require significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. Any one of the foregoing factors may adversely affect our operating results.
We are involved in numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could
harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
We are involved in numerous lawsuits, including stockholder derivative lawsuits and putative class action lawsuits, many of which claim statutory
damages and/or seek significant changes to our business operations, and we anticipate that we will continue to be a target for numerous lawsuits in the future.
Because of the scale of our user, advertiser, and developer base, the plaintiffs in class action cases filed against us typically claim enormous monetary damages
even if the alleged per-user or entity harm is small or non-existent. In addition, we have faced, currently face, and will continue to face additional class action
and other lawsuits based on claims related to advertising, antitrust, privacy, security, biometrics, content, algorithms, user well-being, employment, activities on
our platform, consumer protection, or product performance or other claims related to the use of consumer hardware and software, including virtual reality
technology and products, which are new and unproven. For example, we are currently the subject of multiple putative class action suits in connection with our
platform and user data practices and the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in

33

Table of Contents

violation of our terms and policies; the disclosure of our earnings results for the second quarter of 2018; our acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp, as well
as other alleged anticompetitive conduct; a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents beginning in September 2021; the
disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021; and allegations that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements,
resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. We are also the subject of multiple lawsuits related to our alleged recommendation of and/or failure
to remove harmful content. The results of any such lawsuits and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and any negative outcome from any such lawsuits
could result in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or undesirable changes to our products or business practices, and accordingly our business,
financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
There can be no assurances that a favorable final outcome will be obtained in all our cases, and defending any lawsuit is costly and can impose a
significant burden on management and employees. Any litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be
reversed upon appeal or in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms, which has
occurred in the past and which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, or results of operations.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
Our tax obligations, including income and non-income taxes, are based in part on our corporate operating structure and intercompany arrangements,
including the manner in which we operate our business, develop, value, manage, protect, and use our intellectual property, and the valuations of our
intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation
and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting their laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue from companies such as Meta. We are
subject to regular review and audit by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken,
including our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could
increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows. For example, in 2016 and 2018, the IRS issued formal assessments relating to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries in
conjunction with the examination of the 2010 through 2013 tax years. Although we disagree with the IRS's position and are litigating this issue, the ultimate
resolution is uncertain and, if resolved in a manner unfavorable to us, may adversely affect our financial results.
The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are
many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our provision for income taxes is determined by the manner in which we operate our
business, and any changes to such operations or laws applicable to such operations may affect our effective tax rate. Although we believe that our provision for
income taxes and estimates of our non-income tax liabilities are reasonable, the ultimate settlement may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial
statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.
Our future income tax rates could be volatile and difficult to predict due to changes in jurisdictional profit split, changes in the amount and recognition
of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change.
Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows. For example, the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act) enacted in December 2017 had a significant impact on our tax obligations and effective tax rate
for the fourth quarter of 2017. The issuance of additional regulatory or accounting guidance related to the Tax Act, or other executive or Congressional actions
in the United States or globally could materially increase our tax obligations and significantly impact our effective tax rate in the period such guidance is issued
or such actions take effect, and in future periods. In addition, many countries have recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have
enacted new laws that could significantly increase our tax obligations in many countries where we do business or require us to change the manner in which we
operate our business.

34

Table of Contents

Over the last several years, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has been working on a Base Erosion and Profit Shifting
Project that, if implemented, would change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries
in which we do business. In 2021, more than 140 countries tentatively signed on to a framework that imposes a minimum tax rate of 15%, among other
provisions. As this framework is subject to further negotiation and implementation by each member country, the timing and ultimate impact of any such
changes on our tax obligations are uncertain. Similarly, the European Commission and several countries have issued proposals that would apply to various
aspects of the current tax framework under which we are taxed. These proposals include changes to the existing framework to calculate income tax, as well as
proposals to change or impose new types of non-income taxes, including taxes based on a percentage of revenue. For example, several jurisdictions have
proposed or enacted taxes applicable to digital services, which include business activities on digital advertising and online marketplaces, and which apply to
our business.
The European Commission has conducted investigations in multiple countries focusing on whether local country tax rulings or tax legislation provides
preferential tax treatment that violates European Union state aid rules and concluded that certain member states, including Ireland, have provided illegal state
aid in certain cases. These investigations may result in changes to the tax treatment of our foreign operations.
Due to the large and expanding scale of our international business activities, many of these types of changes to the taxation of our activities described
above could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position,
results of operations, and cash flows. Such changes may also apply retroactively to our historical operations and result in taxes greater than the amounts
estimated and recorded in our financial statements.
Given our levels of share-based compensation, our tax rate may vary significantly depending on our stock price.
The tax effects of the accounting for share-based compensation may significantly impact our effective tax rate from period to period. In periods in which
our stock price varies from the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, we will recognize excess tax benefits or shortfalls that will
impact our effective tax rate. For example, in 2022, tax shortfalls recognized from share-based compensation increased our provision for income taxes by
$471 million and our effective tax rate by two percentage points as compared to the tax rate without such shortfalls. In future periods in which our stock price
varies in comparison to the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, our effective tax rate may be inversely impacted. The amount
and value of share-based compensation issued relative to our earnings in a particular period will also affect the magnitude of the impact of share-based
compensation on our effective tax rate. These tax effects are dependent on our stock price, which we do not control, and a decline in our stock price could
significantly increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results.
If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
We review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, such as a
decline in stock price and market capitalization. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually. If such goodwill or intangible
assets are deemed to be impaired, an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be
recognized. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or
intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect our results of operations.
The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business.
We currently depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including Mark Zuckerberg. Although we have entered into an
employment agreement with Mr. Zuckerberg, the agreement has no specific duration and constitutes at-will employment. In addition, many of our key
technologies and systems are custom-made for our business by our personnel. The loss of key personnel, including members of management as well as key
engineering, product development, marketing, and sales personnel, could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our business.

35

Table of Contents

In addition, we cannot guarantee we will continue to attract and retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. In particular, we
expect to continue to face significant challenges in hiring technical personnel, particularly for engineering talent, whether as a result of competition with other
companies or other factors. As we continue to mature, the incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees provided by our equity awards or by future
arrangements may not be as effective as in the past, and if we issue significant equity to attract additional employees or to retain our existing employees, we
would incur substantial additional share-based compensation expense and the ownership of our existing stockholders would be further diluted. Our ability to
attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price volatility. In addition, restrictive immigration policies or legal or
regulatory developments relating to immigration may negatively affect our efforts to attract and hire new personnel as well as retain our existing personnel. If
we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow
effectively.
Our CEO has control over key decision making as a result of his control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock.
Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, is able to exercise voting rights with respect to a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
capital stock and therefore has the ability to control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors
and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control,
merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that our other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in
the consummation of such a transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from
acquiring our Class A common stock, which has limited voting power relative to the Class B common stock, and might harm the trading price of our Class A
common stock. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the management and major strategic investments of our company as a result of his
position as our CEO and his ability to control the election or, in some cases, the replacement of our directors. In the event of his death, the shares of our capital
stock that Mr. Zuckerberg owns will be transferred to the persons or entities that he has designated. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a
fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a
stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares, and shares over which he has voting control as governed by a voting
agreement, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally.
We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases
could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and will diminish our cash reserves.
Although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program that does not have an expiration date, the program does not obligate us to
repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our Class A common stock. We cannot guarantee that the program will be
fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility, and any
announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. In addition, this program will diminish our cash
reserves.
Risks Related to Government Regulation and Enforcement
Actions by governments that restrict access to Facebook or our other products in their countries, censor or moderate content on our products in their
countries, or otherwise impair our ability to sell advertising in their countries, could substantially harm our business and financial results.
Governments from time to time seek to censor or moderate content available on Facebook or our other products in their country, restrict access to our
products from their country partially or entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of our products in their country for an extended
period of time or indefinitely. For example, user access to Facebook and certain of our other products has been or is currently restricted in whole or in part in
China, Iran, and North Korea. In addition, government authorities in other countries may seek to restrict user access to our products if they consider us to be in
violation of their laws or a threat to public safety or for other reasons, and certain of our products have been restricted by governments in other countries from
time to time. For example, in 2020, Hong Kong adopted a National Security Law that provides authorities with the ability to obtain information, remove and
block access to content, and suspend

36

Table of Contents

user services, and if we are found to be in violation of this law then the use of our products may be restricted. In addition, if we are required to or elect to make
changes to our marketing and sales or other operations in Hong Kong as a result of the National Security Law or other legislation, our revenue and business in
the region will be adversely affected. In addition, in connection with the war in Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022, access to Facebook and Instagram was
restricted in Russia and the services were then prohibited by the Russian government, which has adversely affected, and will likely continue to adversely affect,
our revenue and business in the region. It is also possible that government authorities could take action that impairs our ability to sell advertising, including in
countries where access to our consumer-facing products may be blocked or restricted. For example, we generate meaningful revenue from a limited number of
resellers serving advertisers based in China, and it is possible that the Chinese government could take action that reduces or eliminates our China-based
advertising revenue, whether as a result of the trade dispute with the United States, in response to content issues or information requests in Hong Kong or
elsewhere, or for other reasons, or take other action against us, such as imposing taxes or other penalties, which could adversely affect our financial results.
Similarly, if we are found to be out of compliance with certain legal requirements for social media companies in Turkey, the Turkish government could take
action to reduce or eliminate our Turkey-based advertising revenue or otherwise adversely impact access to our products. In the event that content shown on
Facebook or our other products is subject to censorship, access to our products is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries, we are required to or
elect to make changes to our operations, or other restrictions are imposed on our products, or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate new geographic
markets or capture a greater share of existing geographic markets that we cannot access or where we face other restrictions, our ability to retain or increase our
user base, user engagement, or the level of advertising by marketers may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as
anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected.
Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use and data protection, content,
competition, safety and consumer protection, e-commerce, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain
interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our products and business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in
user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business.
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data
use, data protection and personal information, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity, intellectual property, advertising, marketing,
distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data localization and storage, data disclosure, artificial intelligence and machine learning, electronic
contracts and other communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product liability, ecommerce, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online
payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to
additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. In addition, foreign data protection, privacy, content, competition, consumer protection, and other
laws and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States.
These U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are
constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often
uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. For example, regulatory or legislative actions or litigation affecting the manner in which
we display content to our users, moderate content, or obtain consent to various practices could adversely affect user growth and engagement. Such actions
could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results.
We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive
certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and
services. For example, in 2016, the European Union and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred from the European Union to the
United States, called the Privacy Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU). In addition,
the other bases upon which Meta relies to transfer such data, such as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), have been subjected to regulatory and judicial
scrutiny. For example, the CJEU considered the validity of SCCs as a basis to transfer user data from the European Union to the United States following a
challenge brought by the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC). Although the CJEU upheld the validity of SCCs in July 2020, our continued reliance on

37

Table of Contents

SCCs will be the subject of future regulatory consideration. In particular, in August 2020, we received a preliminary draft decision from the IDPC that
preliminarily concluded that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on SCCs in respect of European Union/European Economic Area Facebook user data does not
achieve compliance with the GDPR and preliminarily proposed that such transfers should therefore be suspended. In February 2022, we received a revised
preliminary draft decision in which the IDPC maintained its preliminary conclusion that these transfers should be suspended. The IDPC's draft decision was
then further refined and shared on July 6, 2022 with other European data protection regulators (CSAs) as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism.
Separately, on March 25, 2022, the European Union and United States announced that they had reached an agreement in principle on a new EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF). On October 7, 2022, President Biden signed the Executive Order on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals
Intelligence Activities (E.O.), and on December 13, 2022, the European Commission published its draft adequacy decision on the proposed new EU-U.S. DPF.
On January 19, 2023, the IDPC referred the inquiry to a vote by the European Data Protection Board (EDPB), pursuant to the dispute resolution process under
Article 65 GDPR, in respect of elements of the draft decision over which consensus could not be reached between concerned supervisory authorities. We
believe a final decision in this inquiry may issue as early as the first quarter of 2023. Although the E.O. is a significant and positive step, if no adequacy
decision is adopted by the European Commission and we are unable to continue to rely on SCCs or rely upon other alternative means of data transfers from the
European Union to the United States, we will likely be unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and
Instagram, in Europe, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we have been
managing investigations and lawsuits in Europe, India, and other jurisdictions regarding the 2016 and 2021 updates to WhatsApp's terms of service and privacy
policy and its sharing of certain data with other Meta products and services, including a lawsuit currently pending before the Supreme Court of India. If we are
unable to transfer data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are restricted from sharing data among our products and
services, it could affect our ability to provide our services, the manner in which we provide our services or our ability to target ads, which could adversely
affect our financial results.
We have been subject to other significant legislative and regulatory developments in the past, and proposed or new legislation and regulations could
significantly affect our business in the future. For example, we have implemented a number of product changes and controls as a result of requirements under
the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and may implement additional changes in the future. The GDPR also requires submission of
personal data breach notifications to our lead European Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, and includes significant penalties for non-compliance with the
notification obligation as well as other requirements of the regulation. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving and draft decisions in investigations by
the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in
the final outcome of such investigations. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for
non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and other countries have enacted similar data protection
regulations imposing data privacy-related requirements on products and services offered to users in their respective jurisdictions. The California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), also establishes certain transparency rules and create new data privacy rights
for users, including limitations on our use of certain sensitive personal information and more ability for users to control the purposes for which their data is
shared with third parties. Other states have proposed or enacted similar comprehensive privacy laws that afford users with similar data privacy rights and
controls. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, and resulting limitations on our advertising services, or reductions of advertising
by marketers, have to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. For example, state regulators in California
and Colorado are considering adopting regulations that could further limit how companies can use personal information for advertising purposes. In Europe,
regulators continue to issue guidance concerning the ePrivacy Directive's requirements regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies, and may impose
specific measures in the future which could directly impact our use of such technologies. In addition, the ePrivacy Directive and national implementation laws
impose additional limitations on the use of data across messaging products and include significant penalties for non-compliance. Changes to our products or
business practices as a result of these or similar developments have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, our advertising
business. Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals or recently enacted laws in the European Union, the United States, at both the federal and state
level, as well as other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. For example, the DMA in the European
Union imposes new restrictions and requirements on companies like ours, including in areas such as the combination of data across services, mergers and
acquisitions, and product design. The DMA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance, and its key requirements will be enforceable against
designated gatekeeper companies in early 2024. We expect the DMA will cause us to incur significant compliance costs and make additional changes to our
products or business practices. The requirements under the DMA will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement. Pending or future
proposals to

38

Table of Contents

modify competition laws in the United States and other jurisdictions could have similar effects. Further, the Digital Services Act (DSA) in the European Union,
which will apply to our business as early as June 2023, will impose new restrictions and requirements for our products and services and may significantly
increase our compliance costs. The DSA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance. In addition, some countries, such as India and Turkey, are
considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements that
could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services, cause us to cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, or result in
fines or other penalties. New legislation or regulatory decisions that restrict our ability to collect and use information about minors may also result in
limitations on our advertising services or our ability to offer products and services to minors in certain jurisdictions.
These laws and regulations, as well as any associated claims, inquiries, or investigations or any other government actions, have in the past led to, and
may in the future lead to, unfavorable outcomes including increased compliance costs, loss of revenue, delays or impediments in the development of new
products, negative publicity and reputational harm, increased operating costs, diversion of management time and attention, and remedies that harm our
business, including fines or demands or orders that we modify or cease existing business practices.
We have been subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, and settlements, and we expect to continue to be subject to
such proceedings and other inquiries in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a
manner materially adverse to our business.
We receive formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and regulators regarding our compliance with laws and regulations, many of
which are evolving and subject to interpretation. We are and expect to continue to be the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for
information, actions, and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy and data protection, including with
respect to minors, law enforcement, consumer protection, civil rights, content moderation, and competition. In addition, we are currently, and may in the future
be, subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. For example, data protection, competition, and consumer protection authorities in the European Union and
other jurisdictions have initiated actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or
impose sanctions, and other authorities may do the same. In addition, beginning in March 2018, we became subject to FTC, state attorneys general, and other
government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions in connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of
certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies. In July 2019, we entered into a settlement and
modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which was approved by the federal court and took effect in April 2020. Among other matters, our settlement
with the FTC required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion and to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. The
state attorneys general inquiry and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. We also notify the IDPC, our lead European Union
privacy regulator under the GDPR, and other regulators of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, and are subject to inquiries and
investigations by the IDPC and other regulators regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. We have in the past been, and may in the future be,
subject to fines and requirements to changes to our business practices as a result of such inquiries and investigations. In addition, we are subject to a lawsuit by
the state of Texas in connection with the “tag suggestions” and other facial recognition features on our products.
We are also subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and
other jurisdictions, which relate to many aspects of our business, including with respect to users and advertisers, as well as our industry. Such inquiries,
investigations, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, digital advertising,
and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in June 2019 we were informed by the FTC that it had opened an antitrust
investigation of our company. In addition, beginning in the third quarter of 2019, we became the subject of antitrust inquiries and investigations by the U.S.
Department of Justice and state attorneys general. Beginning in December 2020, we also became subject to lawsuits by the FTC and the attorneys general from
46 states, the territory of Guam, and the District of Columbia in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we violated antitrust laws,
including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform, among other things. The complaints
of the FTC and attorneys general both sought a permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief,
including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. In addition, in December 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of
Objections alleging that we tie Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. We are also
subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and disclosure practices. For example,

39

Table of Contents

beginning in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and requests relating to allegations and the release of internal company
documents by a former employee.
Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose
us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us to change
our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products or user data practices), result in negative publicity and
reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that
adversely affect our business, and we have experienced some of these adverse effects to varying degrees from time to time.
Compliance with our FTC consent order, the GDPR, the CPRA, the ePrivacy Directive, the DMA, the DSA, and other regulatory and legislative privacy
requirements require significant operational resources and modifications to our business practices, and any compliance failures may have a material
adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results.
We are engaged in ongoing privacy compliance and oversight efforts, including in connection with our modified consent order with the FTC,
requirements of the GDPR, and other current and anticipated regulatory and legislative requirements around the world, such as the CPRA, ePrivacy Directive,
DMA, and DSA. In particular, we are maintaining a comprehensive privacy program in connection with the FTC consent order that includes substantial
management and board of directors oversight, stringent operational requirements and reporting obligations, prohibitions against making misrepresentations
relating to user data, a process to regularly certify our compliance with the privacy program to the FTC, and regular assessments of our privacy program by an
independent third-party assessor, which has been and will continue to be challenging and costly to maintain and enhance. These compliance and oversight
efforts are increasing demand on our systems and resources, and require significant new and ongoing investments, including investments in compliance
processes, personnel, and technical infrastructure. We are reallocating resources internally to assist with these efforts, and this has had, and will continue to
have, an adverse impact on our other business initiatives. In addition, these efforts require substantial modifications to our business practices and make some
practices such as product and ads development more difficult, time-consuming, and costly. As a result, we believe our ability to develop and launch new
features, products, and services in a timely manner has been and will continue to be adversely affected. We also expect that our privacy compliance and
oversight efforts will require significant time and attention from our management and board of directors. The requirements of the FTC consent order and other
privacy-related laws and regulations are complex and apply broadly to our business, and from time to time we notify relevant authorities of instances where we
are not in full compliance with these requirements or otherwise discover privacy issues, and we expect to continue to do so as any such issues arise in the
future. In addition, regulatory and legislative privacy requirements are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change and uncertain interpretation.
For example, we will be subject to new restrictions and requirements under the DMA, including in areas such as the combination of data across services and
product design, which will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement. If we are unable to successfully implement and comply with
the mandates of the FTC consent order, GDPR, CPRA, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, DSA, or other regulatory or legislative requirements, or if we are found to be
in violation of the consent order or other applicable requirements, we may be subject to regulatory or governmental investigations or lawsuits, which may result
in significant monetary fines, judgments, or other penalties, and we may also be required to make additional changes to our business practices. Any of these
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results.
We may incur liability as a result of information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet or published using our products or as a result of claims
related to our products, and legislation regulating content on our platform may require us to change our products or business practices and may adversely
affect our business and financial results.
We have faced, currently face, and will continue to face claims relating to information or content that is published or made available on our products,
including our policies, algorithms, and enforcement actions with respect to such information or content. In particular, the nature of our business exposes us to
claims related to defamation, dissemination of misinformation or news hoaxes, discrimination, harassment, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity and
privacy, personal injury torts, laws regulating hate speech or other types of content, online safety, products liability, consumer protection, and breach of
contract, among others. For example, we have recently seen an increase in claims brought by younger users related to well-being issues based on allegedly
harmful content that is shared on or recommended by our products. The potential risks relating to any of the foregoing types of claims are currently enhanced in
certain jurisdictions

40

Table of Contents

outside the United States where our protection from liability for third-party actions may be unclear or where we may be less protected under local laws than we
are in the United States. For example, in April 2019, the European Union passed a directive (the European Copyright Directive) expanding online platform
liability for copyright infringement and regulating certain uses of news content online, which member states are currently implementing into their national
laws. In addition, the European Union revised the European Audiovisual Media Service Directive to apply to online video-sharing platforms, which member
states have begun to implement. In the United States, the U.S. Supreme Court recently agreed to review a matter in which the scope of the protections available
to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (Section 230) is at issue. In addition, there have been, and continue to be, various
state and federal legislative and executive efforts to remove or restrict the scope of the protections under Section 230, as well as to impose new obligations on
online platforms with respect to commerce listings, user content, counterfeit goods and copyright-infringing material, and our current protections from liability
for third-party content in the United States could decrease or change. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are
found liable, significant damages. We could also face fines, orders restricting or blocking our services in particular geographies, or other government-imposed
remedies as a result of content hosted on our services. For example, legislation in Germany and India has resulted in the past, and may result in the future, in
the imposition of fines or other penalties for failure to comply with certain content removal, law enforcement cooperation, and disclosure obligations.
Numerous other countries in Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America are considering or have implemented similar legislation imposing
potentially significant penalties, including fines, service throttling, or advertising bans, for failure to remove certain types of content or follow certain
processes. For example, we have been subject to fines and may in the future be subject to other penalties in connection with social media legislation in Turkey,
and we have been subject to fines and service blocking and prohibition in Russia. Content-related legislation also has required us in the past, and may require
us in the future, to change our products or business practices, increase our costs, or otherwise impact our operations or our ability to provide services in certain
geographies. For example, the European Copyright Directive requires certain online services to obtain authorizations for copyrighted content or to implement
measures to prevent the availability of that content, which may require us to make substantial investments in compliance processes. Member states' laws
implementing the European Copyright Directive may also require online platforms to pay for content. In addition, our products and services will be subject to
new restrictions and requirements, and our compliance costs may significantly increase, as a result of the Digital Services Act in the European Union, which
will apply to our business as early as June 2023, and potentially other content-related legislative developments such as proposed online safety bills in Ireland
and the United Kingdom. Certain countries have also proposed legislation that may require us to pay publishers for certain news content shared on our
products. In the United States, changes to the protections available under Section 230 or the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution or new state or federal
content-related legislation may increase our costs or require significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, which could adversely affect
user growth and engagement. Any of the foregoing events could adversely affect our business and financial results.
Payment transactions may subject us to additional regulatory requirements and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could
harm our business.
Several of our products offer Payments functionality, including enabling our users to purchase tangible, virtual, and digital goods from merchants and
developers that offer applications using our Payments infrastructure, send money to other users, and make donations to certain charitable organizations, among
other activities. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere, including those governing anti-money
laundering and counter-terrorist financing, money transmission, stored value, gift cards and other prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfer, virtual
currency, consumer protection, charitable fundraising, trade sanctions, and import and export restrictions. Depending on how our Payments products evolve,
we may also be subject to other laws and regulations including those governing gambling, banking, and lending. In some jurisdictions, the application or
interpretation of these laws and regulations is not clear. To increase flexibility in how our use of Payments may evolve and to mitigate regulatory uncertainty,
we have received certain payments licenses in the United States, the European Economic Area, and other jurisdictions, which will generally require us to
demonstrate compliance with many domestic and foreign laws in these areas. Our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly and result
in diversion of management time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. In the event that we are found to be in violation of any such legal or
regulatory requirements, we may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties such as a cease and desist order, or we may be required to make product
changes, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
In addition, we are subject to a variety of additional risks as a result of Payments transactions, including: increased costs and diversion of management
time and effort and other resources to deal with bad transactions or customer disputes; potential fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity by users, developers,
employees, or third parties; restrictions on the

41

Table of Contents

investment of consumer funds used to transact Payments; and additional disclosure and reporting requirements. We have also launched payments functionality
on certain of our applications and may in the future undertake additional payments initiatives, including as part of our metaverse efforts, which may subject us
to many of the foregoing risks and additional licensing requirements.
Risks Related to Data, Security, and Intellectual Property
Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents
could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
Our industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or users' data or to disrupt our ability to provide service.
Our products and services involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security
breaches and improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, or
information from marketers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, which could harm our business and
reputation and diminish our competitive position. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and
general hacking continue to be prevalent in our industry, have occurred on our systems in the past, and will occur on our systems in the future. We also
regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user accounts, purchase ads, or take other actions on our platform for purposes such as spamming,
spreading misinformation, or other objectionable ends. As a result of our prominence, the size of our user base, the types and volume of personal data and
content on our systems, and the evolving nature of our products and services (including our efforts involving new and emerging technologies), we believe that
we are a particularly attractive target for such breaches and attacks, including from nation states and highly sophisticated, state-sponsored, or otherwise wellfunded actors, and we experience heightened risk from time to time as a result of geopolitical events. Our efforts to address undesirable activity on our platform
also increase the risk of retaliatory attacks. Such breaches and attacks may cause interruptions to the services we provide, degrade the user experience, cause
users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in our products, impair our internal systems, or result in financial harm to us. Our efforts to protect our company
data or the information we receive, and to disable undesirable activities on our platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical
malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in our vendors' information technology systems or
offerings; government surveillance; breaches of physical security of our facilities or technical infrastructure; or other threats that evolve. In addition, third
parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose information in order to gain access to our data or our users' data. Cyber-attacks
continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have developed systems and
processes that are designed to protect our data and user data, to prevent data loss, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on our platform, and to prevent
or detect security breaches, we cannot assure you that such measures will provide absolute security, that we will be able to react in a timely manner, or that our
remediation efforts will be successful. The changes in our work environment as a result of certain personnel working remotely could also impact the security of
our systems, as well as our ability to protect against attacks and detect and respond to them quickly.
In addition, some of our developers or other partners, such as those that help us measure the effectiveness of ads, may receive or store information
provided by us or by our users through mobile or web applications integrated with our products. We provide limited information to such third parties based on
the scope of services provided to us. However, if these third parties or developers fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a
breach of their networks, our data or our users' data may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed.
We experience such cyber-attacks and other security incidents of varying degrees from time to time, and we incur significant costs in protecting against
or remediating such incidents. In addition, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data
protection, as well as obligations under our modified consent order with the FTC. As a result, affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or
regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper access to or disclosure of data, which has occurred in the
past and which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Such
incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events could have a
material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, or financial results.

42

Table of Contents

For example, in September 2018, we announced our discovery of a third-party cyber-attack that exploited a vulnerability in Facebook's code to steal user
access tokens, which were then used to access certain profile information from approximately 29 million user accounts on Facebook. The events surrounding
this cyber-attack became the subject of Irish Data Protection Commission and other government inquiries. Any such inquiries could subject us to substantial
fines and costs, require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or adversely affect our
business.
We anticipate that our ongoing efforts related to privacy, safety, security, and content review will identify additional instances of misuse of user data or
other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform.
In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are making significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content review efforts to
combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties, including investigations and audits of platform applications, as well as other enforcement efforts.
As a result of these efforts we have discovered and announced, and anticipate that we will continue to discover and announce, additional incidents of misuse of
user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We may not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data or technical
limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, the allocation of resources to other projects, or
other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by the independent privacy assessor required under our modified consent order with the FTC,
the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the future, include the use of user data or our systems in a manner
inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper advertising practices,
activities that threaten people's safety on- or offline, or instances of spamming, scraping, data harvesting, unsecured datasets, or spreading misinformation. We
may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Consequences of any of the foregoing developments
include negative effects on user trust and engagement, harm to our reputation and brands, changes to our business practices in a manner adverse to our
business, and adverse effects on our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries,
which could subject us to monetary penalties and damages, divert management's time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.
Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or
failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our business.
Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware, including software and hardware developed or maintained internally and/or by third
parties, that is highly technical and complex. In addition, our products and internal systems depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store,
retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the future contain, errors,
bugs, or vulnerabilities, and our systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs,
or vulnerabilities inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. For example, in
September 2018, we announced our discovery of a third-party cyber-attack that exploited a vulnerability in Facebook's code to steal user access tokens and
access certain profile information from user accounts on Facebook. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical limitations within the software and
hardware on which we rely, or human error in using such systems, have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including a negative
experience for users and marketers who use our products, compromised ability of our products to perform in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or
policies, delayed product introductions or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability to protect the data of our users and/or
our intellectual property or other data, or reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. For example, we make commitments to our users as to
how their data will be collected, used, shared, and retained within and across our products, and our systems are subject to errors, bugs and technical limitations
that may prevent us from fulfilling these commitments reliably. In addition, any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the software and
hardware on which we rely, failures to properly address or mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated degradations or interruptions of
service or failures to fulfill our commitments to our users, have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including damage to our reputation,
loss of users, loss of marketers, loss of revenue, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely
affect our business and financial results.

43

Table of Contents

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be
adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and
third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, to protect our
proprietary rights. In the United States and internationally, we have filed various applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property, and
we currently hold a significant number of registered trademarks and issued patents in multiple jurisdictions and have acquired patents and patent applications
from third parties. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by us, and
pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every
country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. In any or all of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense in order
to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. Although we have generally taken measures to protect our proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that
others will not offer products or concepts that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. In addition, we regularly contribute software
source code under open source licenses and have made other technology we developed available under other open licenses, and we include open source
software in our products. As a result of our open source contributions and the use of open source in our products, we may license or be required to license or
disclose code and/or innovations that turn out to be material to our business and may also be exposed to increased litigation risk. If the protection of our
proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be
diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our products, services, and methods of operations. Any of these events could have an
adverse effect on our business and financial results.
We are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time
consuming and, if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Companies in the internet, technology, and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and frequently
enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. In addition, various "nonpracticing entities" that own patents and other intellectual property rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from
technology companies. Furthermore, from time to time we may introduce or acquire new products, including in areas where we historically have not competed,
which could increase our exposure to patent and other intellectual property claims from competitors and non-practicing entities.
From time to time, we receive notice from patent holders and other parties alleging that certain of our products and services, or user content, infringe
their intellectual property rights. We presently are involved in a number of intellectual property lawsuits, and as we face increasing competition and develop
new products and services, we expect the number of patent and other intellectual property claims against us to grow. Defending patent and other intellectual
property litigation is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes
will be obtained in all cases. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and we may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of any such
litigation, including potential preliminary injunctions requiring us to cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle such lawsuits and disputes on
terms that are unfavorable to us. Similarly, if any litigation to which we are a party is resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that
may not be reversed upon appeal. The terms of such a settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial amounts
to the other party. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party's rights, which may not be available
on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase our operating costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative noninfringing technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of alternative non-infringing technology or practices could require significant
effort and expense, could result in less effective technology or practices or otherwise negatively affect the user experience, or may not be feasible. We have
experienced unfavorable outcomes in such disputes and litigation in the past, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected as a result of an unfavorable resolution of the disputes and litigation referred to above.

44

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile.
The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. Since shares of our Class A common stock were sold in
our initial public offering in May 2012 at a price of $38.00 per share, our stock price has ranged from $17.55 to $384.33 through December 31, 2022. In
addition to the factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the trading price of our Class A common stock has in the past fluctuated and may in the
future fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results for either of our reportable segments;

•

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections;

•

actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our
company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;

•

additional shares of our stock being sold into the market by us, our existing stockholders, or in connection with acquisitions, or the anticipation of
such sales;

•

investor sentiment with respect to our competitors, our business partners, and our industry in general;

•

announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures,
or capital commitments;

•

announcements by us or estimates by third parties of actual or anticipated changes in the size of our user base, the level of user engagement, or the
effectiveness of our ad products;

•

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industry, including our developers and competitors;

•

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;

•

the inclusion, exclusion, or deletion of our stock from any trading indices, such as the S&P 500 Index;

•

media coverage of our business and financial performance;

•

lawsuits threatened or filed against us, or developments in pending lawsuits;

•

adverse government actions or legislative or regulatory developments relating to advertising, competition, content, privacy, or other matters, including
interim or final rulings by tax, judicial, or regulatory bodies;

•

trading activity in our share repurchase program; and

•

other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, and other disruptive external events, or responses to
these events.

In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of
equity securities of many technology companies. We are currently subject to securities litigation in connection with our platform and user data practices and the
misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies; the disclosure of our earnings results for the
second quarter of 2018; a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents beginning in September 2021; and the disclosure of our
earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. Any securities litigation could
subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business.

45

Table of Contents

We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future.
We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and
expansion of our business and fund our share repurchase program, and we do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a
result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our Class A common stock if the trading price of your shares increases.
The dual class structure of our common stock and a voting agreement between certain stockholders have the effect of concentrating voting control with our
CEO and certain other holders of our Class B common stock; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters.
Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Holders of our Class B common stock,
including our founder, Chairman, and CEO, together hold a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock, and therefore are able to
control the outcome of all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1% of all
outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the
foreseeable future.
Transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions,
such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the
effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example,
Mr. Zuckerberg retains a significant portion of his holdings of Class B common stock for an extended period of time, he could, in the future, continue to control
a majority of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock.
Our status as a "controlled company" could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price.
Because we qualify as a "controlled company" under the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies, we are not required to have a majority
of our board of directors be independent, nor are we required to have a compensation committee or an independent nominating function. In the future we could
elect not to have a majority of our board of directors be independent or not to have a compensation committee or an independent nominating function.
Accordingly, should the interests of our controlling stockholder differ from those of other stockholders, the other stockholders may not have the same
protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies. Our status as a
controlled company could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price.
Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing
the trading price of our Class A common stock.
Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a
change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes
an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our current certificate of incorporation and
bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following:
•

until the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than 35% of the combined voting power of our
common stock, any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company requires the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B
common stock voting as a separate class;

•

we currently have a dual class common stock structure, which provides Mr. Zuckerberg with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring
stockholder approval, even if he owns significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock;

46

Table of Contents

•

when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, certain
amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares
of Class A and Class B common stock;

•

when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock,
vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders;

•

when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, our
board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors will only be able to be removed from
office for cause;

•

when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, our
stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and not by written consent;

•

only our chairman, our chief executive officer, our president, or a majority of our board of directors are authorized to call a special meeting of
stockholders;

•

advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of
stockholders;

•

our certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established, and shares of which may be issued,
without stockholder approval; and

•

certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware.

47

Table of Contents

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 2. Properties
Our corporate headquarters are located in Menlo Park, California. As of December 31, 2022, we owned and leased approximately 10 million square feet
of office and building space for our corporate headquarters and in the surrounding areas. However, beginning in the third quarter of 2022, we made a decision
to either sublease, early terminate, or abandon several office buildings under operating leases. We also owned and leased approximately 62 acres of land to be
developed to accommodate anticipated future growth.
In addition, we have offices in more than 90 cities across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. We also own
21 data centers locations globally.
See Note 3 — Restructuring in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our facilities consolidation efforts.
We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current needs.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and
elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in
connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of
our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Beginning on July 27, 2018, two putative class actions were filed in federal court
in the United States against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings
results for the second quarter of 2018 and seeking unspecified damages. These two actions subsequently were transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California with the putative securities class action described above relating to our platform and user data practices. On
September 25, 2019, the district court granted our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative securities class action, with leave to amend. On November 15,
2019, a second amended complaint was filed in the consolidated putative securities class action. On August 7, 2020, the district court granted our motion to
dismiss the second amended complaint, with leave to amend. On October 16, 2020, a third amended complaint was filed in the consolidated putative securities
class action. On December 20, 2021, the district court granted our motion to dismiss the third amended complaint, with prejudice. On January 17, 2022, the
plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their case, and the appeal is now pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. With
respect to the multiple putative class actions filed against us beginning on March 20, 2018 alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection, privacy, and
other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California. On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated
putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of
$725 million by us and is subject to court approval. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding the misuse of certain
data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States,
Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020 and
required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion and to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. The state attorneys
general inquiry and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing and could subject us to additional substantial fines and costs, require us
to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or adversely affect our business. On July 16, 2021, a
stockholder derivative action was filed in Delaware Chancery Court against certain of our directors and officers asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related
claims relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as our settlement with the FTC. On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended
derivative complaint in a related Delaware Chancery Court action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of our current and
former directors and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices. On November 4, 2021, the lead

48

Table of Contents

plaintiffs filed a second amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder derivative action. We believe the lawsuits described above are without merit,
and we are vigorously defending them.
We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators
regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. For example, in August 2020, we received a preliminary draft decision from the IDPC that
preliminarily concluded that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses in respect of European Union/European Economic Area
Facebook user data does not achieve compliance with the GDPR and preliminarily proposed that transfers of such user data from the European Union to the
United States should therefore be suspended. In February 2022, we received a revised preliminary draft decision in which the IDPC maintained its preliminary
conclusion that these transfers should be suspended. The IDPC's draft decision was then further refined and shared on July 6, 2022 with other European data
protection regulators (CSAs) as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism. Separately, on October 7, 2022, President Biden signed the Executive Order on
Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities, and on December 13, 2022, the European Commission published its draft adequacy
decision on the proposed new European Union-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. On January 19, 2023, the IDPC referred the inquiry to a vote by the European
Data Protection Board, pursuant to the dispute resolution process under Article 65 GDPR, in respect of elements of the draft decision over which consensus
could not be reached between concerned supervisory authorities. We believe a final decision in this inquiry may issue as early as the first quarter of 2023. For
additional information, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding
privacy, data use and data protection, content, competition, safety and consumer protection, e-commerce, and other matters" in this Annual Report on Form 10K. Any such inquiries or investigations (including the IDPC proceeding) could subject us to substantial fines and costs, require us to change our business
practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or adversely affect our business.
In addition, we are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by competition authorities in the United
States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social
networking or social media services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in June 2019 we were
informed by the FTC that it had opened an antitrust investigation of our company. On December 9, 2020, the FTC filed a complaint against us in the U.S.
District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition in violation of Section 5 of
the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining
conditions on access to our platform. In addition, beginning in the third quarter of 2019, we became the subject of antitrust investigations by the U.S.
Department of Justice and state attorneys general. On December 9, 2020, the attorneys general from 46 states, the territory of Guam, and the District of
Columbia filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct in violation of
Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform. The
complaint also alleged that we violated Section 7 of the Clayton Act by acquiring Instagram and WhatsApp. The complaints of the FTC and attorneys general
both sought a permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief, including divestiture or
reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. On June 28, 2021, the court granted our motions to dismiss the complaints filed by the FTC and attorneys general,
dismissing the FTC's complaint with leave to amend and dismissing the attorneys general's case without prejudice. On July 28, 2021, the attorneys general filed
a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their case and that appeal is now pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On
August 19, 2021, the FTC filed an amended complaint, and on October 4, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss this amended complaint. On January 11, 2022, the
court denied our motion to dismiss the FTC's amended complaint. Multiple putative class actions have also been filed in state and federal courts in the United
States and in the United Kingdom against us alleging violations of antitrust laws and other causes of action in connection with these acquisitions and/or other
alleged anticompetitive conduct, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Several of the cases brought on behalf of certain advertisers and users in the United
States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. On January 14, 2022, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part,
our motion to dismiss the consolidated actions. On March 1, 2022, a first amended consolidated complaint was filed in the putative class action brought on
behalf of certain advertisers. On December 6, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the first amended consolidated complaint filed in the putative class
action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. In addition, on July 27, 2022, the FTC filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern
District of California seeking to preliminarily enjoin our proposed acquisition of Within Unlimited as an alleged violation of antitrust law. The FTC
subsequently filed a related complaint in

49

Table of Contents

their administrative court seeking to permanently enjoin the transaction as a violation of Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and seeking other relief as well. We
believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we are vigorously defending them. In December 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of
Objections alleging that we tie Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. The result of
such litigation, investigations or inquiries could subject us to substantial monetary remedies and costs, interrupt or require us to change our business practices,
divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business.
Beginning in January 2022, we became subject to litigation and other proceedings that were filed in various federal and California state courts alleging
that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in teenage users, resulting in various mental health and other harms. A putative class action
alleging similar harms was also filed in California state court on behalf of users under the age of 13 and three school districts recently filed public nuisance
claims based on similar allegations. On October 6, 2022, the federal cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.
The state court proceedings are now pending before a trial judge from Los Angeles County Superior Court. We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we
are vigorously defending them. We are also subject to government investigations and requests from multiple regulators concerning the use of our products, and
the related mental and physical health and safety impacts on teenage users.
We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and disclosure practices. For example, beginning
in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and requests relating to a former employee's allegations and release of internal company
documents concerning, among other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement practices, as well as misinformation and
other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. We have since received additional requests relating to these and other topics. Beginning on
October 27, 2021, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us
and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with the same
matters, and seeking unspecified damages. We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we are vigorously defending them.
On March 8, 2022, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and certain of our
directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021 and seeking
unspecified damages. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are vigorously defending it.
Beginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size
for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and 2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs'
claims, but permitted its fraud and unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On
June 21, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted our petition for permission to appeal the district court's class certification order, and the
district court subsequently stayed the case. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are vigorously defending it.
In July 2017, an individual filed an action in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and other companies for allegedly
violating the Anti-Terrorism Act by aiding, abetting, and providing material support to an organization that committed an international terrorist act, and seeking
unspecified damages. In October 2018, the district court granted our motion to dismiss. In June 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit reversed
the judgment. On October 3, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review the judgment in this action, along with a companion case against another company
in which the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review the scope of protection available to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act
(Section 230). We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are vigorously defending it. However, changes to the protections available under Section 230
may increase our costs or require significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, which could adversely affect our business.
On February 14, 2022, the State of Texas filed a lawsuit against us in Texas state court alleging that “tag suggestions" and other facial recognition
features on our products violated the Texas Capture or Use of Biometric Identifiers Act and the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices-Consumer Protection Act, and
seeking statutory damages and injunctive relief. The case is currently scheduled for trial in October 2023. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are
vigorously defending it.

50

Table of Contents

In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory agencies, including in particular in Brazil,
Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including
our obligation to disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment of fines and penalties
against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously
defend such fines and penalties.
We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary
course of business, and we may in the future be subject to additional legal proceedings and disputes.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.

51

Table of Contents

PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information for Common Stock
On June 9, 2022, Meta's Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol 'META'. This replaced the
ticker symbol 'FB,' which had been used since the company's initial public offering in 2012. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock.
Our Class B common stock is not listed on any stock exchange nor traded on any public market.
Holders of Record
As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,204 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock, and the closing price of our Class A common stock
was $120.34 per share as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other
institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As of December 31,
2022, there were 27 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion
of our business and fund our share repurchase program, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022:
Total Number of Shares
Purchased (1)

Average Price Paid Per
Share (2)

(in thousands)

October 1 - 31, 2022
November 1 - 30, 2022
December 1 - 31, 2022

20,180
24,878
14,808
59,866

Total Number of Shares
Purchased as Part of Publicly
Announced Programs (1)

Approximate Dollar Value of
Shares that May Yet Be Purchased
Under the Plans or Programs (1)

(in thousands)

$
$
$

126.03
105.28
117.87

20,180
24,878
14,808
59,866

(in millions)

$
$
$

15,232
12,613
10,868

_________________________
(1) Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in January 2017 and does not have an expiration date.
In January 2023, an additional $40 billion of repurchases was authorized under this program. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased depend on a variety of
factors, including price, general business and market conditions, and other investment opportunities, and shares may be repurchased through open market purchases or
privately negotiated transactions, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. See Note 14 — Stockholders'
Equity in Part II, Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to share repurchases.
(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.

Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities
None.

52

Table of Contents

Stock Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise
subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Meta Platforms, Inc. under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
The following graph shows a comparison of the cumulative total return for our Class A common stock, the Dow Jones Internet Composite Index
(DJINET), the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Composite) for the five years ended December 31,
2022. The graph assumes that $100 was invested at the market close on the last trading day for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 in the Class A
common stock of Meta Platforms, Inc., the DJINET, the S&P 500, and the Nasdaq Composite and data for the DJINET, the S&P 500, and the Nasdaq
Composite assumes reinvestments of gross dividends. The stock price performance of the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price
performance.

Item 6. [Reserved]

53

Table of Contents
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to our historical
consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those
discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors." For a discussion of limitations in the
measurement of certain of our community metrics, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States (GAAP), we present revenue on a constant currency basis and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures. Revenue on a constant
currency basis is presented in the section entitled "—Revenue—Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue." To calculate revenue on a constant currency basis, we
translated revenue for the full year 2022 using 2021 monthly exchange rates for our settlement or billing currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For a full
description of our free cash flow non-GAAP measure, see the section entitled "—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Free Cash Flow."
These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and
presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures may be different from non‑GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness
for comparison purposes. Moreover, presentation of revenue on a constant currency basis is provided for year-over-year comparison purposes, and investors
should be cautioned that the effect of changing foreign currency exchange rates has an actual effect on our operating results. We believe these non-GAAP
financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable comparison of financial
results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics
used by management in operating our business.
Executive Overview of Full Year 2022 Results
Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. In 2022, we continued to focus on our main revenue
growth priorities: (i) helping marketers use our products to connect with consumers and (ii) making our ads more relevant and effective. We also continued to
invest in both our family of apps and our metaverse efforts based on our company priorities.
Our financial results and key community metrics for 2022 are set forth below. Our total revenue for 2022 was $116.61 billion, a decrease of 1%
compared to 2021, which reflects a $5.96 billion negative impact from the appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies. Revenue on a
constant currency basis was $122.57 billion for 2022, an increase of 4% compared to 2021. Our advertising revenue was impacted by a reduction in advertising
demand during 2022 compared to 2021, which we believe was primarily driven by reduced marketer spending as a result of a more challenging
macroeconomic environment, as well as limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to iOS and the regulatory environment.
Our average price per ad decreased by 16% year-over-year in 2022, partially offset by an 18% year-over-year increase in ad impressions delivered across our
Family of Apps.
Income from operations for 2022 was $28.94 billion, a decrease of $17.81 billion, or 38%, compared to 2021, mainly due to an increase in payroll and
related expenses associated with a 20% increase in employee headcount particularly in engineering and other technical functions and higher operational
expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure. Starting in the third quarter of 2022, we began a series of cost management initiatives
including facilities consolidation, a layoff of approximately 11,000 employees, and a pivot in our data center strategy, which resulted in total restructuring
charges of $4.61 billion in 2022. We expect we may incur significant additional restructuring charges as we continue to focus on cost efficiency measures
through 2023.

54

Table of Contents
Consolidated and Segment Results
We report our financial results for our two reportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). FoA includes Facebook, Instagram,
Messenger, WhatsApp, and other services. RL includes our augmented and virtual reality related consumer hardware, software, and content.
Family of Apps

Reality Labs

Year Ended
December 31,
2022

Total

Year Ended
December 31,

2021

% change

2022

Year Ended
December 31,

2021

% change

2022

2021

% change

(in millions, except percentages)

Revenue
Costs and expenses
Income (loss) from
operations
Operating margin

$

114,450

$

115,655

(1)%

$

2,159

$

2,274

(5)%

$

116,609

$

117,929

(1)%

$

71,789

$

58,709

22%

$

15,876

$

12,467

27%

$

87,665

$

71,176

23%

$

42,661

$

56,946

(25)%

$

(13,717)

$

(10,193)

(35)%

$

28,944

$

46,753

(38)%

37 %

49 %

(635)%

(448)%

25 %

40 %

•

Net income was $23.20 billion, with diluted earnings per share of $8.59 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

•

Capital expenditures, including principal payments on finance leases, were $32.04 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022.

•

Effective tax rate was 19.5% for the year ended December 31, 2022.

•

Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $40.74 billion as of December 31, 2022.

•

Long-term debt was $9.92 billion as of December 31, 2022.

•

Headcount was 86,482 as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 20% year-over-year. Our reported headcount includes a substantial majority of the
approximately 11,000 employees impacted by the layoff we announced in November 2022, who will no longer be reflected in our headcount by the end
of the first quarter of 2023.

Restructuring
In 2022, we initiated several measures to pursue greater efficiency and to realign our business and strategic priorities. This includes a facilities
consolidation strategy to sublease, early terminate, or abandon several office buildings under operating leases, a layoff of approximately 11,000 of our
employees across the FoA and RL segments, and a pivot towards a next generation data center design, including cancellation of multiple data center projects.
A summary of our restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 by major activity type is as follows (in millions):
Cost of revenue
Research and development
Marketing and sales
General and administrative
Total

Facilities Consolidation

Severance and Other
Personnel Costs

$

$

154
1,311
404
426
2,295

$

$

—
408
234
333
975

Data Center Assets

$

$

1,341
—
—
—
1,341

Total

$

$

1,495
1,719
638
759
4,611

Total restructuring charges recorded under our FoA segment were $4.10 billion and RL segment were $515 million. These charges lowered our operating
margin by four percentage points and diluted earnings per share (EPS) by $1.34. The impact of severance and other personnel costs recorded in the fourth
quarter of 2022 was not material after offsetting with the savings from the decreases in payroll, bonus and other benefits expenses.
See Note 3 — Restructuring in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding restructuring charges.

55

Table of Contents
Family of Apps Metrics
•

Family daily active people (DAP) was 2.96 billion on average for December 2022, an increase of 5% year-over-year.

•

Family monthly active people (MAP) was 3.74 billion as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 4% year-over-year.

•

Facebook daily active users (DAUs) were 2.00 billion on average for December 2022, an increase of 4% year-over-year.

•

Facebook monthly active users (MAUs) were 2.96 billion as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 2% year-over-year.

•

Ad impressions delivered across our Family of Apps increased by 18% year-over-year in 2022, and the average price per ad decreased by 16% yearover-year in 2022.

Developments in Advertising
Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from advertising on Facebook and Instagram. We rely on targeting and measurement tools that
incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. Our
advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting
and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers.
In particular, legislative and regulatory developments such as the General Data Protection Regulation, ePrivacy Directive, and California Privacy Rights
Act have impacted our ability to use data signals in our ad products, and we expect these and other developments such as the Digital Markets Act will have
further impact in the future. As a result, we have implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our products and user data practices, which
reduce our ability to effectively target and measure ads. In addition, mobile operating system and browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have
implemented product changes and/or announced future plans to limit the ability of websites and application developers to collect and use these signals to target
and measure advertising. For example, in 2021, Apple made certain changes to its products and data use policies in connection with changes to its iOS
operating system that reduce our and other iOS developers' ability to target and measure advertising, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will
continue to negatively impact, the size of the budgets marketers are willing to commit to us and other advertising platforms.
To mitigate these developments, we are working to evolve our advertising systems to improve the performance of our ad products. We are developing
privacy enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process, including
by relying more on anonymized or aggregated third-party data. In addition, we are developing tools that enable marketers to share their data into our systems,
as well as ad products that generate more valuable signals within our apps. More broadly, we also continue to innovate our advertising tools to help marketers
prepare campaigns and connect with consumers, including developing growing formats such as Reels ads and our business messaging ad products. Across all
of these efforts, we are making significant investments in artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve our delivery, targeting, and measurement
capabilities. We are also engaging with others across our industry to explore the possibility of new open standards for the private and secure processing of data
for advertising purposes. We expect that some of these efforts will be long-term initiatives, and that the regulatory and platform developments described above
will continue to adversely impact our advertising revenue for the foreseeable future.
Other Business and Macroeconomic Conditions
Other global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions also have had, and we believe will continue to have, an impact on our
user growth and engagement and advertising revenue. In particular, we believe advertising budgets have been pressured by factors such as inflation, rising
interest rates, and related market uncertainty, which has led to reduced marketer spending. In addition, competitive products and services have reduced some
users' engagement with our products and services. In response to competitive pressures, we have introduced new features such as Reels and are investing in our
artificial intelligence-powered discovery engine to recommend relevant unconnected content across our products. While Reels is growing in usage, it is not
currently monetized at the same rate as our feed or Stories products. We also have seen fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or
more markets from time to time. For example, in connection with the war in Ukraine, access to Facebook and Instagram was restricted in Russia and the
services were then prohibited by the Russian government, which adversely affected user growth and engagement in 2022. These trends adversely affected
advertising revenue in 2022, and we expect will continue to affect our advertising revenue in the foreseeable future.

56

Table of Contents

The COVID-19 pandemic has also impacted our business and results of operations, with a varied impact on user growth and engagement, as well as the
demand for and pricing of our ads from period to period. While we experienced a reduction in advertising demand and a related decline in pricing during the
onset of the pandemic, we believe the pandemic subsequently contributed to an acceleration in the growth of online commerce, and we experienced increasing
demand for advertising as a result of this trend. More recently, we believe this growth has declined, and we saw continued softening of advertising demand in
2022 as many activities that shifted online during COVID-19 related lockdowns resumed in person. We may experience similar volatility in the demand for and
pricing of our advertising services as a result of the pandemic in the future.
Although we regularly evaluate a variety of sources to understand trends in our advertising revenue, we do not have perfect visibility into the factors
driving advertiser spending decisions and our assessments involve complex judgments about what is driving advertising decisions across a large and diversified
advertiser base across the globe. Trends impacting advertising spend are also dynamic and interrelated. As a result, it is difficult to identify with precision
which advertiser spending decisions are attributable to which trends, and we are unable to quantify the exact impact that each trend had on our advertising
revenue during the periods presented.
Investment Philosophy
In 2022, we continued to invest based on the following company priorities: (i) continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet
and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; (ii) build new experiences that meaningfully improve people's lives today and set the stage for even
bigger improvements in the future; (iii) keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs;
and (iv) communicate more transparently about what we're doing and the role our services play in the world.
We anticipate that investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and headcount will continue to drive expense growth in 2023,
which will adversely affect our operating margin and profitability. The majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps. In 2022,
82% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 18% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments include expenses relating to headcount,
data centers and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are also making significant investments in
our metaverse efforts, including developing virtual and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational
technologies for the metaverse. Our RL investments include expenses relating to headcount and technology development across these efforts. Many of our RL
investments are directed toward long-term, cutting-edge research and development for products for the metaverse that are not on the market today and may
only be fully realized in the next decade. Although it is inherently difficult to predict when and how the metaverse ecosystem will develop, we expect our RL
segment to continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future, and our ability to support our metaverse efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits
from other areas of our business. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative. We are investing now because we believe this is the next
chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital
goods.

57

Table of Contents
Trends in Our Family Metrics
The numbers for our key Family metrics, our DAP, MAP, and average revenue per person (ARPP), do not include users on our other products unless
they would otherwise qualify as DAP or MAP, respectively, based on their other activities on our Family products.
Trends in the number of people in our community affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the
value of our ads to marketers, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. Substantially all of our daily and monthly active people (as defined below)
access our Family products on mobile devices.
•

Daily Active People (DAP). We define a daily active person as a registered and logged-in user of Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and/or WhatsApp
(collectively, our "Family" of products) who visited at least one of these Family products through a mobile device application or using a web or
mobile browser on a given day. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and
therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. Our calculations of DAP rely upon complex
techniques, algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the underlying number of unique people using one or more of these
products, including by matching user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a
single person, and counting such group of accounts as one person. As these techniques and models require significant judgment, are developed based
on internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts, and are calibrated against user survey data, there is necessarily some margin of error in our
estimates. We view DAP, and DAP as a percentage of MAP, as measures of engagement across our products. For additional information, see the
section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

DAP/MAP: 79%

79%

79%

78%

79%

79%

79%

79%

79%

Note: We report the numbers of DAP and MAP as specific amounts, but these numbers are estimates of the numbers of unique people using our products and are subject to statistical
variances and errors. While we expect the error margin for these estimates to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be approximately 3% of our worldwide
MAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our
products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other
Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the first quarter of 2021, we updated our Family metrics calculations to maintain calibration of our models against recent user survey data, and
we estimate such update contributed an aggregate of approximately 60 million DAP to our reported worldwide DAP in March 2021. In the third quarter of 2022, we updated our Family
metrics calculations to maintain calibration of our models against recent user survey data, and we estimate such update contributed an aggregate of approximately 30 million DAP to our
reported worldwide DAP in September 2022.

Worldwide DAP increased 5% to 2.96 billion on average during December 2022 from 2.82 billion during December 2021.

58

Table of Contents
•

Monthly Active People (MAP). We define a monthly active person as a registered and logged-in user of one or more Family products who visited at
least one of these Family products through a mobile device application or using a web or mobile browser in the last 30 days as of the date of
measurement. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and therefore must
seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. Our calculations of MAP rely upon complex techniques,
algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the underlying number of unique people using one or more of these products, including
by matching user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and
counting such group of accounts as one person. As these techniques and models require significant judgment, are developed based on internal reviews
of limited samples of user accounts, and are calibrated against user survey data, there is necessarily some margin of error in our estimates. We view
MAP as a measure of the size of our global active community of people using our products. For additional information, see the section entitled
"Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Note: We report the numbers of DAP and MAP as specific amounts, but these numbers are estimates of the numbers of unique people using our products and are subject to statistical
variances and errors. While we expect the error margin for these estimates to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be approximately 3% of our worldwide
MAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our
products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other
Data" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the first quarter of 2021, we updated our Family metrics calculations to maintain calibration of our models against recent user survey data, and
we estimate such update contributed an aggregate of approximately 70 million MAP to our reported worldwide MAP in March 2021. In the third quarter of 2022, we updated our Family
metrics calculations to maintain calibration of our models against recent user survey data, and we estimate such update contributed an aggregate of approximately 40 million MAP to our
reported worldwide MAP in September 2022.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 3.74 billion MAP, an increase of 4% from 3.59 billion as of December 31, 2021.

59

Table of Contents
•

Average Revenue Per Person (ARPP). We define ARPP as our total revenue during a given quarter, divided by the average of the number of MAP at
the beginning and end of the quarter. While ARPP includes all sources of revenue, the number of MAP used in this calculation only includes users of
our Family products as described in the definition of MAP above. We estimate that the share of revenue from users who are not also MAP was not
material.

ARPP:

$8.62

$7.75

$8.36

$8.18

$9.39

$7.72

$7.91

$7.53

$8.63

Note: Non-advertising revenue includes RL revenue generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products and FoA Other revenue, which consists of net fees we receive from developers
using our Payments infrastructure and revenue from various other sources.

Our annual worldwide ARPP in 2022, which represents the sum of quarterly ARPP during such period, was $31.79, a decrease of 6% from 2021.

60

Table of Contents
Trends in Our Facebook User Metrics
The numbers for our key Facebook metrics, our DAUs, MAUs, and average revenue per user (ARPU), do not include users on Instagram, WhatsApp, or
our other products, unless they would otherwise qualify as DAUs or MAUs, respectively, based on their other activities on Facebook.
Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to
marketers, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. Substantially all of our daily and monthly active users (as defined below) access Facebook on
mobile devices.
•

Daily Active Users (DAUs). We define a daily active user as a registered and logged-in Facebook user who visited Facebook through our website or a
mobile device, or used our Messenger application (and is also a registered Facebook user), on a given day. We view DAUs, and DAUs as a percentage
of MAUs, as measures of user engagement on Facebook.

DAU/MAU: 66%

66%

66%

66%

66%

67%

67%

67%

67%

DAU/MAU: 76%

75%

75%

75%

74%

75%

75%

74%

75%

DAU/MAU: 74%

73%

73%

73%

72%

73%

74%

74%

75%

DAU/MAU: 62%

62%

62%

63%

63%

64%

64%

64%

65%

DAU/MAU: 65%

65%

65%

66%

65%

66%

66%

66%

66%

Note: For purposes of reporting DAUs, MAUs, and ARPU by geographic region, Europe includes all users in Russia and Turkey and Rest of World includes all users in Africa, Latin America,
and the Middle East.

61

Table of Contents

Worldwide DAUs increased 4% to 2.00 billion on average during December 2022 from 1.93 billion during December 2021. Users in India, the
Philippines, and Bangladesh represented the top three sources of growth in DAUs during December 2022, relative to the same period in 2021.
•

Monthly Active Users (MAUs). We define a monthly active user as a registered and logged-in Facebook user who visited Facebook through our
website or a mobile device, or used our Messenger application (and is also a registered Facebook user), in the last 30 days as of the date of
measurement. MAUs are a measure of the size of our global active user community on Facebook.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.96 billion MAUs, an increase of 2% from December 31, 2021. Users in India, Nigeria, and Bangladesh represented
the top three sources of growth in 2022, relative to the same period in 2021.

62

Table of Contents

Trends in Our Monetization by Facebook User Geography
We calculate our revenue by user geography based on our estimate of the geography in which ad impressions are delivered, virtual and digital goods are
purchased, or consumer hardware products are shipped. We define ARPU as our total revenue in a given geography during a given quarter, divided by the
average of the number of MAUs in the geography at the beginning and end of the quarter. While ARPU includes all sources of revenue, the number of MAUs
used in this calculation only includes users of Facebook and Messenger as described in the definition of MAU above. While the share of revenue from users
who are not also Facebook or Messenger MAUs has grown over time, we estimate that revenue from users who are Facebook or Messenger MAUs represents
the substantial majority of our total revenue. See "Average Revenue Per Person (ARPP)" above for our estimates of trends in our monetization of our Family
products. The geography of our users affects our revenue and financial results because we currently monetize users in different geographies at different average
rates. Our revenue and ARPU in regions such as United States & Canada and Europe are relatively higher primarily due to the size and maturity of those online
and mobile advertising markets. For example, ARPU in 2022 in the United States & Canada region was more than 11 times higher than in the Asia-Pacific
region.

ARPU:

$10.14

$9.27

$10.12 $10.00

$11.57

ARPU: $ 53.56 $ 48.03 $ 53.01 $ 52.34 $ 60.57 $48.29 $50.25 $49.13 $58.77

ARPU: $4.05

$3.94

$4.16

$4.30

$4.89

$4.47 $4.54

$4.42

$4.61

$9.54

$9.82

$9.41

$10.86

ARPU: $16.87 $15.49 $17.23 $16.50 $19.68 $15.35 $15.64 $14.23 $17.29

ARPU: $2.77

$2.64

$3.05

$3.14 $3.43

$3.14

$3.35

$3.21

$3.52

Note: Non-advertising revenue includes RL revenue generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products and FoA Other revenue, which consists of net fees we receive from developers
using our Payments infrastructure and revenue from various other sources.

63

Table of Contents

Our revenue by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the geographic location of our users when they perform a revenue-generating
activity. This allocation differs from our revenue disaggregated by geography disclosure in Note 2 — Revenue in our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial
Statements and Supplemental Data" where revenue is geographically apportioned based on the addresses of our customers.

Our annual worldwide ARPU in 2022, which represents the sum of quarterly ARPU during such period, was $39.63, a decrease of 3% from 2021. For
2022, ARPU decreased by 9% in Europe and 4% in United States & Canada, and increased by 4% in Asia-Pacific and 8% in Rest of World. In addition, user
growth was mostly in geographies with relatively lower ARPU, such as Asia‑Pacific and Rest of World. We expect that user growth in the future will be
primarily concentrated in those regions where ARPU is relatively lower, such that worldwide ARPU may decrease at a higher rate, or increase at a slower rate,
relative to ARPU in any geographic region in a particular period, or potentially decrease even if ARPU increases in each geographic region.

64

Table of Contents

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing
basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment
necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and the impact of the estimates and assumptions on our
consolidated financial statements is material. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with gross vs. net in revenue recognition, valuation of
non-marketable equity securities, income taxes, loss contingencies, and valuation of long-lived assets including goodwill, intangible assets, and property and
equipment, and their associated estimated useful lives, when applicable, have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Therefore,
we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. For further information on all of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1 —
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Gross vs. Net in Revenue Recognition
For revenue generated from arrangements that involve third parties, there is significant judgment in evaluating whether we are the principal, and report
revenue on a gross basis, or the agent, and report revenue on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services
before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in
establishing price. The assessment of whether we are considered the principal or the agent in a transaction could impact our revenue and cost of revenue
recognized on the consolidated statements of income.
Valuation of Non-marketable Equity Securities
For our non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values accounted for using the measurement alternative, determining whether
a non-marketable equity security issued by the same issuer is similar to the non-marketable equity security we hold may require judgment in (a) assessment of
differences in rights and obligations associated with the instruments such as voting rights, distribution rights and preferences, and conversion features, and
(b) adjustments to the observable price for differences such as, but not limited to, rights and obligations, control premium, liquidity, or principal or most
advantageous markets. In addition, the identification of observable transactions will depend on the timely reporting of these transactions from our investee
companies, which may occur in a period subsequent to when the transactions take place. Therefore, our fair value adjustment for these observable transactions
may occur in a period subsequent to when the transaction actually occurred. For non-marketable equity securities, we perform a qualitative assessment at each
reporting date to determine whether there are triggering events for impairment. The qualitative assessment considers factors such as, but not limited to, the
investee's financial condition and business outlook; industry and sector performance; regulatory, economic or technological environment; operational and
financing cash flows; and other relevant events and factors affecting the investee. When indicators of impairment exist, we estimate the fair value of our nonmarketable equity securities using the market approach and/or the income approach and recognize impairment loss in the consolidated statements of income if
the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value. Estimating fair value requires judgment and use of estimates such as discount rates, forecast cash flows,
holding period, and market data of comparable companies, among others.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for
income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.
We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. These uncertain tax positions include our estimates for transfer pricing that
have been developed based upon analyses of appropriate

65

Table of Contents

arms-length prices. Similarly, our estimates related to uncertain tax positions concerning research and development tax credits are based on an assessment of
whether our available documentation corroborating the nature of our activities supporting the tax credits will be sufficient. Although we believe that we have
adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these
matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance when facts and
circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different
from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a
material impact on our financial condition and operating results.
Loss Contingencies
We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business.
Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. Additionally, we are required to comply with various
legal and regulatory obligations around the world, and we regularly become subject to new laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The
requirements for complying with these obligations may be uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any
failure to comply with such obligations could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these matters, asserted and unasserted, we
evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the
amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss and the loss or range of loss can be reasonably
estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements to the extent material.
We review the developments in our contingencies that could affect the amount of the provisions that have been previously recorded, and the matters and
related reasonably possible losses disclosed. We make adjustments to our provisions and changes to our disclosures accordingly to reflect the merits of our
defenses and the impact of negotiations, settlements, regulatory proceedings, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. Significant judgment is
required to determine the probability of loss and the estimated amount of loss, including when and if the probability and estimate has changed for asserted and
unasserted matters. Certain factors, in particular, have resulted in significant changes to these estimates and judgments in prior quarters based on updated
information available. For example, in certain jurisdictions where we operate, fines and penalties may be the result of new laws and preliminary interpretations
regarding the basis of assessing damages, which may make it difficult to estimate what such fines and penalties would amount to if successfully asserted
against us. In addition, certain government inquiries and investigations, such as matters before our lead European Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, are
subject to review by other regulatory bodies before decisions are finalized, which can lead to significant changes in the outcome of an inquiry. As a result of
these and other factors, we reasonably expect that our estimates and judgments with respect to our contingencies may continue to be revised in future quarters.
The ultimate outcome of these matters, such as whether the likelihood of loss is remote, reasonably possible, or probable or if and when the reasonably
possible range of loss is estimable, is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of
management's estimates of losses, our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period in which any such outcome
becomes probable and estimable, could be materially adversely affected. See Note 13 — Commitments and Contingencies and Note 16 — Income Taxes of the
accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Part I, Item 3,
"Legal Proceedings" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these contingencies.
Valuation of Long-lived Assets including Goodwill, Intangible Assets, and Property and Equipment and Estimated Useful Lives
We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their
estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as
goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates
and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, estimated
replacement costs and future expected cash flows from acquired users, acquired technology, acquired patents, and trade

66

Table of Contents

names from a market participant perspective, useful lives, and discount rates. Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Allocation of purchase consideration
to identifiable assets and liabilities affects our amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, whereas any
indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition
date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the
measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would more likely than
not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We have two reporting units subject to goodwill impairment testing. As of December 31,
2022, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.
Long-lived assets, including property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which identifiable
cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the use and eventual disposition. If such review indicates that the
carrying amount of property and equipment and intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.
The useful lives of our long-lived assets including property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are determined by management when those
assets are initially recognized and are routinely reviewed for the remaining estimated useful lives. The current estimate of useful lives represents our best
estimate based on current facts and circumstances, but may differ from the actual useful lives due to changes in future circumstances such as changes to our
business operations, changes in the planned use of assets, and technological advancements. When we change the estimated useful life assumption for any asset,
the remaining carrying amount of the asset is accounted for prospectively and depreciated or amortized over the revised remaining useful life.
In connection with our periodic reviews of the estimated useful lives of property and equipment, we extended the estimated average useful lives of our
servers and network assets category effective the second and the fourth quarters of 2022. The financial impact of the changes in estimates was a reduction in
depreciation expense of $860 million and an increase in net income of $693 million, or $0.26 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
impact from the changes in our estimates was calculated based on the servers and network assets existing as of the effective date of the change and applying the
revised useful lives prospectively.
See Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8,
"Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information regarding the changes in the estimated useful
lives of our servers and network assets.

67

Table of Contents
Components of Results of Operations
Revenue
Family of Apps (FoA)
Advertising. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook,
Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Marketers pay for ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising
agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of actions, such as clicks, taken by users.
We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Impressions are
considered delivered when an ad is displayed to a user. We recognize revenue from the delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the
action the marketer contracted for. The number of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the
structure of our ads products. In particular, the number of ads we show may vary by product (for example, our video and Reels products are not currently
monetized at the same rate as our feed or Stories products), and from time to time we increase or decrease the number or frequency of ads we show as part of
our product and monetization strategies. We calculate average price per ad as total advertising revenue divided by the number of ads delivered, representing the
average price paid per ad by a marketer regardless of their desired objective such as impression or action. For advertising revenue arrangements where we are
not the principal, we recognize revenue on a net basis.
Other revenue. Other revenue consists of net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure and revenue from WhatsApp Business
Platform and various other sources.
Reality Labs (RL)
RL revenue is generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products, such as Meta Quest, wearables, and related software and content.
Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses
Cost of revenue. Our cost of revenue consists mostly of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products. These include expenses
related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure, such as depreciation expense from servers, network infrastructure and buildings, as well
as payroll and related expenses which include share-based compensation for employees on our operations teams, and energy and bandwidth costs. Cost of
revenue also includes costs associated with partner arrangements, including traffic acquisition costs and credit card and other fees related to processing
customer transactions, and content costs. Additionally, cost of revenue includes RL inventory costs, which consist of cost of products sold and estimated losses
on non-cancelable contractual commitments.
Research and development. Research and development expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses which include share-based
compensation, facilities-related costs for employees on our engineering and technical teams who are responsible for developing new products as well as
improving existing products, RL technology development costs, and professional services.
Marketing and sales. Marketing and sales expenses consist mostly of marketing and promotional expenses as well as payroll and related expenses
which include share-based compensation for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, marketing, business development, and customer service functions.
Our marketing and sales expenses also include professional services such as content reviewers to support our community and product operations.
General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and related expenses which include share-based
compensation for certain of our executives as well as our legal, finance, human resources, corporate communications and policy, and other administrative
employees; legal-related costs, which include estimated fines, settlements, or other losses in connection with legal and related matters, as well as other legal
fees; professional services, and other taxes, such as digital services taxes, other tax levies.

68

Table of Contents
Results of Operations
In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a
discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of income data (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2020

Revenue
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
Research and development
Marketing and sales
General and administrative
Total costs and expenses
Income from operations
Interest and other income (expense), net
Income before provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes

$

116,609

$

117,929

Net income

$

25,249
35,338
15,262
11,816
87,665
28,944
(125)
28,819
5,619
23,200 $

22,649
24,655
14,043
9,829
71,176
46,753
531
47,284
7,914
39,370

$

85,965

$

16,692
18,447
11,591
6,564
53,294
32,671
509
33,180
4,034
29,146

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of income data (as a percentage of revenue)(1):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Revenue
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
Research and development
Marketing and sales
General and administrative
Total costs and expenses
Income from operations
Interest and other income (expense), net
Income before provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income
_________________________

(1) Percentages have been rounded for presentation purposes and may differ from unrounded results.

69

2021

2020

100 %

100 %

100 %

22
30
13
10
75
25
—
25
5
20 %

19
21
12
8
60
40
—
40
7
33 %

19
21
13
8
62
38
1
39
5
34 %

Table of Contents
Revenue
The following table sets forth our revenue by source and by segment. For comparative purposes, amounts for the year ended December 31, 2020 have
been recast:
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2020

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Advertising
Other revenue
Family of Apps
Reality Labs

$

Total revenue

$

113,642
808
114,450
2,159
116,609

$

114,934
721
115,655
2,274
117,929

$

$

$

84,169
657
84,826
1,139
85,965

(1)%
12 %
(1)%
(5)%

37 %
10 %
36 %
100 %

(1)%

37 %

Family of Apps
FoA revenue in 2022 decreased $1.21 billion, or 1%, compared to 2021. The decrease was mostly driven by advertising revenue.
Advertising
Advertising revenue in 2022 decreased $1.29 billion, or 1%, compared to 2021 due to a decrease in the average price per ad, partially offset by an
increase in the number of ads delivered. In 2022, the average price per ad decreased by 16%, as compared with an increase of 24% in 2021. The decrease in
average price per ad was driven by an increase in the number of ads delivered, especially in geographies and in products such as video and Reels that monetize
at lower rates, and an unfavorable foreign exchange impact. In addition, the decrease in average price per ad was impacted by a reduction in advertising
demand, which we believe was primarily driven by reduced marketer spending as a result of a more challenging macroeconomic environment and limitations
on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to iOS and the regulatory environment, as well as, to a lesser extent, the other factors discussed
in the section entitled "—Executive Overview of Full Year 2022 Results." In 2022, the number of ads delivered increased by 18%, as compared with a 10%
increase in 2021. Ads impressions grew in all regions during 2022, mostly driven by an increase in ads delivered in Asia-Pacific and Rest of World. The
increase in the ads delivered during 2022 was driven by increases in the number and frequency of ads displayed across our products and an increase in users.
We anticipate that future advertising revenue will be driven by a combination of price and the number of ads delivered.
Reality Labs
RL revenue in 2022 decreased $115 million, or 5%, compared to 2021. The decrease in RL revenue was driven by a decrease in the volume of Meta
Quest sales.
Revenue Seasonality and Customer Concentration
Revenue is traditionally seasonally strong in the fourth quarter of each year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. We believe that this seasonality in
both advertising revenue and RL consumer hardware sales affects our quarterly results, which generally reflect significant growth in revenue between the third
and fourth quarters and a decline between the fourth and subsequent first quarters. For instance, our total revenue increased 16%, 16%, and 31% between the
third and fourth quarters of 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, while total revenue for the first quarters of 2022, 2021, and 2020 declined 17%, 7%, and 16%
compared to the fourth quarters of 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue
The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies in the full year 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 had an
unfavorable impact on revenue. If we had translated revenue for the full year 2022 using the prior

70

Table of Contents
year's monthly exchange rates for our settlement or billing currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our total revenue and advertising revenue would have been
$122.57 billion and $119.54 billion, respectively. Using these constant rates, total revenue and advertising revenue would have been $5.96 billion and
$5.90 billion higher than actual total revenue and advertising revenue, respectively, for the full year 2022. Using the same constant rates, full year 2022 total
revenue and advertising revenue would have been $4.64 billion and $4.60 billion, respectively, higher than actual total revenue and advertising revenue for the
full year 2021.
Cost of revenue
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Cost of revenue
Percentage of revenue

$

25,249
$
22 %

22,649
$
19 %

16,692
19 %

11 %

36 %

Cost of revenue in 2022 increased $2.60 billion, or 11%, compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to an increase in operational expenses related
to our data centers and technical infrastructure, adjusted for a decrease in the depreciation growth rate due to extensions in the useful lives of servers and
network assets. In addition, we recorded $1.34 billion of abandonment charges related to data center assets. These increases were partially offset by a decrease
in RL inventory cost including lower losses on purchase commitments.
See Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3 — Restructuring in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in
Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding changes in the
estimated useful life of our servers and network assets as well as the abandonment charges related to data center assets, respectively.
Research and development
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Research and development
Percentage of revenue

$

35,338
$
30 %

24,655
$
21 %

18,447
21 %

43 %

34 %

Research and development expenses in 2022 increased $10.68 billion, or 43%, compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to higher payroll and
related expenses and $1.31 billion impairment charges to leases and leasehold improvements as part of our restructuring efforts. Our payroll and related
expenses increased as a result of a 26% increase in employee headcount from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 in engineering and other technical
functions supporting our continued investment in our family of products and RL.
Marketing and sales
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2020

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Marketing and sales
Percentage of revenue

$

15,262
$
13 %

14,043
$
12 %

11,591
13 %

9%

21 %

Marketing and sales expenses in 2022 increased $1.22 billion, or 9%, compared to 2021. The increase was mostly due to increases in payroll and related
expenses and $404 million impairment charges to leases and leasehold improvements as part of our restructuring efforts.

71

Table of Contents
General and administrative
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2020

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

General and administrative
Percentage of revenue

$

11,816
$
10 %

9,829
$
8%

6,564
8%

20 %

50 %

General and administrative expenses in 2022 increased $1.99 billion, or 20%, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to increases in payroll
and related expenses and $426 million impairment charges to leases and leasehold improvements as part of our restructuring efforts. Our payroll and related
expenses increased as a result of a 20% increase in employee headcount from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 in our general and administrative
functions.
See Note 3 — Restructuring in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding impairment charges to leases and leasehold improvements.
Segment profitability
The following table sets forth income (loss) from operations by segment. For comparative purposes, amounts for the year ended December 31, 2020
have been recast:
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2020

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Family of Apps
Reality Labs
Total income from operations

$
$

42,661 $
(13,717)
28,944 $

56,946 $
(10,193)
46,753 $

39,294
(6,623)
32,671

(25)%
(35)%

45 %
(54)%

(38)%

43 %

Family of Apps
FoA income from operations in 2022 decreased $14.29 billion, or 25%, compared to 2021. The decrease was due to an increase in FoA total costs and
expenses, primarily due to an increase in payroll and related expenses as a result of higher employee headcount, additional charges recorded related to our
restructuring efforts and an increase in costs related to our data centers and technical infrastructure.
See Note 3 — Restructuring in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Reality Labs
RL loss from operations in 2022 increased $3.52 billion, or 35%, compared to 2021. The increase in loss from operations was mainly driven by increases
in payroll and related expenses and research and development expenses, partially offset by a decrease in RL inventory cost including lower losses on purchase
commitments.

72

Table of Contents
Interest and other income (expense), net
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2020

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Interest income, net
Foreign currency exchange losses, net
Other income (expense), net

$

276 $
(81)
(320)
(125) $

$

Interest and other income (expense), net

461 $
(140)
210
531 $

672
(129)
(34)
509

(40)%
42 %
(252)%

(31)%
(9)%
NM

(124)%

4%

Interest and other income (expense), net in 2022 decreased $656 million, or 124%, compared to 2021. The decrease was mostly due to a decrease in
other income (expense), net related to higher unrealized losses recognized for our equity investments and an increase in interest expense recognized on longterm debt.
Provision for income taxes
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

2022 vs 2021 %
change

2020

2021 vs 2020 %
change

(in millions, except percentages)

Provision for income taxes
Effective tax rate

$

5,619
$
19.5 %

7,914
$
16.7 %

4,034
12.2 %

(29)%

96 %

Our provision for income taxes in 2022 decreased $2.29 billion, or 29%, compared to 2021, mostly due to a decrease in income from operations.
Our effective tax rate in 2022 increased compared to 2021, mainly due to an increase in tax shortfalls recognized from share-based compensation and the
effect of regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury in 2022 on foreign tax credits, partially offset by an increase in tax benefits from foreignderived intangible income.
Effective Tax Rate Items. Our effective tax rate in the future will depend upon the proportion between the following items and income before provision
for income taxes: U.S. tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income, tax effects from share-based compensation, research tax credit, tax effects of
integrating intellectual property from acquisitions, settlement of tax contingency items, tax effects of changes in our business, and the effects of changes in tax
law.
The accounting for share-based compensation may increase or decrease our effective tax rate based upon the difference between our share-based
compensation expense and the deductions taken on our tax return, which depend upon the stock price at the time of employee award vesting. If our stock price
remains constant to the January 27, 2023 price, and absent any changes to U.S. tax law, we expect our effective tax rate for the full year 2023 to be in the low
twenties. This includes the effects of the mandatory capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses incurred in 2022, as required by the
2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act). The mandatory capitalization requirement increased our 2022 cash tax liabilities materially but also decreased our
effective tax rate due to increasing the foreign-derived intangible income deduction. If the mandatory capitalization requirement is deferred, our effective tax
rate in 2023 could be higher when compared to current law and our cash tax liabilities could be several billion dollars lower.
Integrating intellectual property from acquisitions into our business generally involves intercompany transactions that have the impact of increasing our
provision for income taxes. Consequently, our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate may initially increase in the period of an acquisition and
integration. The magnitude of this impact will depend upon the specific type, size, and taxing jurisdictions of the intellectual property as well as the relative
contribution to income in subsequent periods.
On August 16, 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The key tax provisions applicable to us are a 15% corporate minimum tax on
book income and a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases effective January 1, 2023. We do

73

Table of Contents
not expect these tax law changes to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position; however, we will continue to evaluate their impact as further
information becomes available.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits. As of December 31, 2022, we had net uncertain tax positions of $5.49 billion which were accrued as other liabilities. These
unrecognized tax benefits were predominantly accrued for uncertainties related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries, which includes licensing of
intellectual property, providing services and other transactions, as well as for uncertainties regarding the utilization of our research tax credits. The ultimate
settlement of the liabilities will depend upon resolution of tax audits, litigation, or events that would otherwise change the assessment of such items. Based
upon the status of litigation described below and the current status of tax audits in various jurisdictions, we do not anticipate a material change to such amounts
within the next 12 months.
See Note 16 — Income Taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding income tax contingencies.

74

Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. Cash and cash
equivalents and marketable securities consist mostly of cash on deposit with banks, investments in money market funds, U.S. government securities, U.S.
government agency securities, and investment grade corporate debt securities. Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were $40.74 billion as of
December 31, 2022, a decrease of $7.26 billion from December 31, 2021. The majority of the decrease was due to $32.04 billion for capital expenditures,
including principal payments on finance leases, $27.96 billion repurchases of our Class A common stock, $3.60 billion of taxes paid related to net share
settlement of employee restricted stock unit (RSU) awards, and $1.31 billion for acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets. These decreases were partially
offset by $50.48 billion of cash generated from operations and $9.92 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of fixed-rate senior notes (the "Notes") in August
2022.
Cash paid for income taxes was $6.41 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our federal net operating loss
carryforward was $196 million and our federal tax credit carryforward was $276 million. We anticipate the utilization of most of these net operating losses and
credits within the next two years.
Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in January 2017 and does not have
an expiration date. In 2022, we repurchased and subsequently retired 161 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of
$27.93 billion. As of December 31, 2022, $10.87 billion remained available and authorized for repurchases. In January 2023, an additional $40 billion of
repurchases was authorized under this program.
The following table presents our cash flows (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash used in financing activities

$
$
$

50,475 $
(28,970) $
(22,136) $

2021

57,683 $
(7,570) $
(50,728) $

2020

38,747
(30,059)
(10,292)

Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Cash provided by operating activities during 2022 mostly consisted of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as $11.99 billion of sharebased compensation expense, $8.69 billion of depreciation and amortization, and $3.56 billion of impairment for leases, leasehold improvements, and
abandonment charges for data center assets related to our restructuring efforts. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities during 2022 compared to
2021 was mainly due to a decrease in net income as adjusted for the aforementioned non-cash items, partially offset by changes in working capital.
Cash Used in Investing Activities
Cash used in investing activities during 2022 mostly consisted of $31.19 billion of net purchases of property and equipment as we continued to invest in
servers, data centers, and network infrastructure, partially offset by $3.53 billion proceeds from net sales and maturities of marketable debt securities. The
increase in cash used in investing activities during 2022 compared to 2021 was mostly due to an increase in net purchases of property and equipment, and a
decrease in proceeds from net sales and maturities of marketable debt securities.
We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $30 billion to $33 billion in 2023.
Cash Used in Financing Activities
Cash used in financing activities during 2022 mostly consisted of $27.96 billion for repurchases of our Class A common stock and $3.60 billion of taxes
paid related to net share settlement of RSUs, partially offset by $9.92 billion proceeds from the issuance of the Notes. The decrease in cash used in financing
activities during 2022 compared to 2021 was mostly due to a decrease in repurchases of our Class A common stock and proceeds from the issuance of the
Notes.

75

Table of Contents
Free Cash Flow
In addition to other financial measures presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we monitor free cash flow (FCF) as a non-GAAP measure to manage
our business, make planning decisions, evaluate our performance, and allocate resources. We define FCF as net cash provided by operating activities reduced
by net purchases of property and equipment and principal payments on finance leases.
We believe that FCF is one of the key financial indicators of our business performance over the long term and provides useful information regarding
how cash provided by operating activities compares to the property and equipment investments required to maintain and grow our business.
We have chosen our definition for FCF because we believe that this methodology can provide useful supplemental information to help investors better
understand underlying trends in our business. We use FCF in discussions with our senior management and board of directors.
FCF has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of other GAAP financial measures,
such as net cash provided by operating activities. FCF is not intended to represent our residual cash flow available for discretionary expenses. Some of the
limitations of FCF are:
•
•

FCF does not reflect our future contractual commitments; and
other companies in our industry present similarly titled measures differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.

Management compensates for the inherent limitations associated with using the FCF measure through disclosure of such limitations, presentation of our
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and reconciliation of FCF to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating
activities, as presented below.
The following is a reconciliation of FCF to the most comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Net cash provided by operating activities
Purchases of property and equipment, net
Principal payments on finance leases

$

$

Free Cash Flow

50,475 $
(31,186)
(850)
18,439 $

2021

57,683 $
(18,567)
(677)
38,439 $

2020

38,747
(15,115)
(604)
23,028

Material Cash Requirements
We currently anticipate that our available funds and cash flow from operations and financing activities will be sufficient to meet our operational cash
needs and fund our share repurchase program for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We continuously evaluate our liquidity
and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements.
Leases and Contractual Commitments
Our operating lease obligations mostly include, among others, offices, data centers, colocations, and land. Our finance lease obligations mostly include
certain network infrastructure. Our restructuring efforts to sublease, early terminate or abandon several office buildings under operating leases did not
materially change our operating lease obligations.
Our contractual commitments are primarily related to our investments in network infrastructure, servers, and consumer hardware products in Reality
Labs.

76

Table of Contents
Long-term Debt
In August 2022, we issued an aggregate of $10.0 billion principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were issued in four series, which mature from 2027
through 2062. Short-term and long-term future interest payments obligations as of December 31, 2022 are $411 million and $7.69 billion, respectively. We
intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, capital expenditures, repurchases of
outstanding shares of our common stock, acquisitions, or investments.
Taxes
As of December 31, 2022, we had taxes payable of $1.51 billion related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the Tax Act, of which
$361 million is due within one year. As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through 2025. Our other
liabilities also include $5.49 billion related to the uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022. Due to uncertainties in the timing of the completion of tax
audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments.
Contingencies
We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations. We record a liability when we believe that
it is both probable that a liability has been incurred, and that the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine there is a reasonable possibility that we
may incur a loss and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements
to the extent material. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. Such matters are inherently
unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to
be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
See Note 9 — Leases, Note 11 — Long-term Debt, Note 13 — Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 16 — Income Taxes in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, and "Legal Proceedings" contained in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
additional information regarding leases and contractual commitments, long-term debt, taxes, and contingencies.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
For information on recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes
to consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

77

Table of Contents
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks, including changes to foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity price risk.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
We have foreign currency risks related to our revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Euro.
Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, have negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect,
our revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue section included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing
monetary asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. At this
time, we have not entered into, but in the future we may enter into, derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency
exchange risk. It is difficult to predict the effect hedging activities would have on our results of operations. Foreign currency exchange net losses of
$81 million, $140 million, and $129 million were recognized in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
Our exposure to changes in interest rates relates primarily to interest income and market value of our cash equivalents, marketable debt securities, and
the fair value of our long-term debt.
Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities consist of cash, certificates of deposit, time deposits, money market funds, U.S. government
securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment grade corporate debt securities. Our investment policy and strategy are focused on preservation
of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. Changes in U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable
securities, and the market value of those securities. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of
$558 million and $714 million in the market value of our available-for-sale debt securities and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Any realized gains or losses resulting from such interest rate changes and from the current unrealized losses would only occur if we sold the
investments prior to maturity.
As of December 31, 2022, we also had $10.0 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate senior notes (the "Notes") outstanding. Since our Notes
bear interest at fixed rates and are carried at amortized cost, fluctuations in interest rates do not have any impact on our consolidated financial statements.
However, the fair value of the Notes will fluctuate with movements in market interest rates, increasing in periods of declining interest rates and declining in
periods of increasing interest rates.
Equity Price Risk
Our equity investments are substantially all in non-marketable equity securities and are subject to equity price risks that could have a material impact on
the carrying value of our holdings.
Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. We elected to account for
most of our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative, which is cost, less any impairment, adjusted for changes in fair value resulting
from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. We perform a qualitative assessment at each reporting date to determine
whether there are triggering events for impairment. The qualitative assessment considers factors such as, but not limited to, the investee's financial condition
and business outlook; industry and sector performance; economic or technological environment; and other relevant events and factors affecting the investee.
Valuations of our non-marketable equity securities are complex due to the lack of readily available market data and observable transactions. Uncertainties in
the global economic climate and financial markets could adversely impact the valuation of these companies we invest in and, therefore, result in a material
impairment or downward adjustment in our investments. Our total non-marketable equity securities had a carrying value of $6.20 billion and $6.78 billion as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

78

Table of Contents
For additional information, see Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Note 6 — Non-marketable Equity Securities, Note 7 — Fair
Value Measurements, and Note 11 — Long-term Debt in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data" and Part II, Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations — Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates" contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

79

Table of Contents
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
META PLATFORMS, INC.
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 42)
Consolidated Financial Statements:
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

80

Page
81
85
86
87
88
89
91

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Meta Platforms, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Meta Platforms, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the Audit & Risk Oversight Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2)
involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the
critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

81

Table of Contents

Loss Contingencies
Description of the Matter

As described in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is party to various legal proceedings, claims, and
regulatory or government inquiries and investigations. The Company accrues a liability when it believes a loss is probable and the
amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that it will incur a loss in some of
these cases, actions or inquiries described above. When applicable, the Company discloses an estimate of the amount of loss or
range of possible loss that may be incurred. However, for certain other matters, the Company discloses that the amount of such
losses or a range of possible losses cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.
Auditing the Company's accounting for, and disclosure of, these loss contingencies was especially challenging due to the
significant judgment required to evaluate management's assessments of the likelihood of a loss, and their estimate of the potential
amount or range of such losses.

How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the identification and
evaluation of these matters, including controls relating to the Company's assessment of the likelihood that a loss will be realized
and their ability to reasonably estimate the potential range of possible losses.
To test the Company's assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss, whether the loss was reasonably estimable, and the
conclusion and disclosure regarding any range of possible losses, including when the Company believes it cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time, we read the minutes or a summary of the meetings of the committees of the board of directors, read the
proceedings, claims, and regulatory, or government inquiries and investigations, or summaries as we deemed appropriate,
requested and received internal and external legal counsel confirmation letters, met with internal and external legal counsel to
discuss the nature of the various matters, and obtained representations from management. We also evaluated the appropriateness
of the related disclosures included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

82

Table of Contents

Uncertain Tax Positions
Description of the Matter

As discussed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has received certain notices from the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) related to transfer pricing agreements with the Company's foreign subsidiaries for certain periods
examined. The IRS has stated that it will also apply its position to tax years subsequent to those examined. If the IRS prevails in
its position, it could result in an additional federal tax liability, plus interest and any penalties asserted. The Company uses
judgment to (1) determine whether a tax position's technical merits are more-likely-than-not to be sustained and (2) measure the
amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition.
Auditing the Company's accounting for, and disclosure of, these uncertain tax positions was especially challenging due to the
significant judgment required to assess management's evaluation of technical merits and the measurement of the tax position
based on interpretations of tax laws and legal rulings.

How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's process
to assess the technical merits of tax positions related to these transfer pricing agreements and to measure the benefit of those tax
positions.
As part of our audit procedures over the Company's accounting for these positions, we involved our tax professionals to assist
with our assessment of the technical merits of the Company's tax positions. This included assessing the Company's
correspondence with the relevant tax authorities, evaluating income tax opinions or other third-party advice obtained by the
Company, and requesting and receiving confirmation letters from third-party advisors. We also used our knowledge of, and
experience with, the application of international and local income tax laws by the relevant income tax authorities to evaluate the
Company's accounting for those tax positions. We analyzed the Company's assumptions and data used to determine the amount of
the federal tax liability recognized and tested the mathematical accuracy of the underlying data and calculations. We also
evaluated the appropriateness of the related disclosures included in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in relation to
these matters.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007.
San Mateo, California
February 1, 2023

83

Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Meta Platforms, Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Meta Platforms, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our
opinion, Meta Platforms, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 1, 2023 expressed an
unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Mateo, California
February 1, 2023

84

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In millions, except for number of shares and par value)
December 31,
2022

Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
Marketable securities
Accounts receivable, net
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Total current assets
Non-marketable equity securities
Property and equipment, net
Operating lease right-of-use assets
Intangible assets, net
Goodwill
Other assets

$

$

Total assets
Liabilities and stockholders' equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
Partners payable
Operating lease liabilities, current
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Total current liabilities
Operating lease liabilities, non-current
Long-term debt
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders' equity:
Common stock, $0.000006 par value; 5,000 million Class A shares authorized, 2,247 million and 2,328 million
shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 4,141 million Class B shares
authorized, 367 million and 413 million shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively
Additional paid-in capital
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
Retained earnings
Total stockholders' equity

$

$

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

85

2021

14,681
26,057
13,466
5,345
59,549
6,201
79,518
12,673
897
20,306
6,583
185,727

$

4,990
1,117
1,367
19,552
27,026
15,301
9,923
7,764
60,014

$

4,083
1,052
1,127
14,873
21,135
12,746
—
7,227
41,108

—
64,444
(3,530)
64,799
125,713
185,727 $

—
55,811
(693)
69,761
124,879
165,987

$

16,601
31,397
14,039
4,629
66,666
6,775
57,809
12,155
634
19,197
2,751
165,987

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In millions, except per share amounts)
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Revenue
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
Research and development
Marketing and sales
General and administrative
Total costs and expenses
Income from operations
Interest and other income (expense), net
Income before provision for income taxes
Provision for income taxes
Net income
Earnings per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders:
Basic
Diluted
Weighted-average shares used to compute earnings per share attributable to Class A
and Class B common stockholders:
Basic
Diluted
Share-based compensation expense included in costs and expenses:
Cost of revenue
Research and development
Marketing and sales
General and administrative

$

117,929

$

25,249
35,338
15,262
11,816
87,665
28,944
(125)
28,819
5,619
23,200 $

$
$

8.63
8.59

$
$

2,687
2,702
$

768
9,361
1,004
859
11,992

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

86

2020

116,609

$

Total share-based compensation expense

2021

$

$

85,965

22,649
24,655
14,043
9,829
71,176
46,753
531
47,284
7,914
39,370

$

16,692
18,447
11,591
6,564
53,294
32,671
509
33,180
4,034
29,146

13.99
13.77

$
$

10.22
10.09

2,815
2,859
$

$

577
7,106
837
644
9,164

2,851
2,888
$

$

447
4,918
691
480
6,536

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In millions)
Year Ended December 31,
2022

2021

Net income
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax
Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale investments and other, net of tax

$

23,200

Comprehensive income

$

(1,184)
(1,653)
20,363 $

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

87

$

2020

39,370

$

29,146

(1,116)
(504)
37,750 $

1,056
360
30,562

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(In millions)
Class A and Class B
Common Stock
Shares

Balances at December 31, 2019
Issuance of common stock
Shares withheld related to net share settlement
Share-based compensation
Share repurchases
Other comprehensive income
Net income
Balances at December 31, 2020
Issuance of common stock
Shares withheld related to net share settlement
Share-based compensation
Share repurchases
Other comprehensive loss
Net income
Balances at December 31, 2021
Issuance of common stock
Shares withheld related to net share settlement
Share-based compensation
Share repurchases
Other comprehensive loss
Net income
Balances at December 31, 2022

Par Value

2,852 $
38
(14)
—
(27)
—
—
2,849
45
(17)
—
(136)
—
—
2,741
54
(20)
—
(161)
—
—
2,614 $

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—

Additional
Paid-In Capital

$

$

45,851 $
—
(2,369)
6,536
—
—
—
50,018
—
(3,371)
9,164
—
—
—
55,811
—
(3,359)
11,992
—
—
—
64,444 $

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

88

Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

(489) $
—
—
—
—
1,416
—
927
—
—
—
—
(1,620)
—
(693)
—
—
—
—
(2,837)
—
(3,530) $

Retained
Earnings

Total
Stockholders'
Equity

55,692 $
—
(1,195)
—
(6,298)
—
29,146
77,345
—
(2,144)
—
(44,810)
—
39,370
69,761
—
(236)
—
(27,926)
—
23,200
64,799 $

101,054
—
(3,564)
6,536
(6,298)
1,416
29,146
128,290
—
(5,515)
9,164
(44,810)
(1,620)
39,370
124,879
—
(3,595)
11,992
(27,926)
(2,837)
23,200
125,713

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Cash flows from operating activities
Net income
$
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
Share-based compensation
Deferred income taxes
Impairment charges for leases and leasehold improvements
Abandonment charges for data center assets
Fair value adjustments for non-marketable securities
Other
Changes in assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Other assets
Accounts payable
Partners payable
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
Other liabilities
Net cash provided by operating activities
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment
Proceeds relating to property and equipment
Purchases of marketable debt securities
Sales of marketable debt securities
Maturities of marketable debt securities
Purchases of non-marketable equity securities
Acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets
Other investing activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Cash flows from financing activities
Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards
Repurchases of Class A common stock
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net
Principal payments on finance leases
Other financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period
$
Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance
sheets
Cash and cash equivalents
$
Restricted cash, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets
Restricted cash, included in other assets
$
Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

2021

23,200

39,370

$

29,146

8,686
11,992
(3,286)
2,218
1,341
463
178

7,967
9,164
609
—
—
(232)
105

6,862
6,536
(1,192)
—
—
33
85

231
162
(106)
210
90
4,210
886
50,475

(3,110)
(1,750)
(349)
1,436
(12)
3,544
941
57,683

(1,512)
135
(34)
(17)
178
(946)
(527)
38,747

(31,431)
245
(9,626)
11,083
2,075
(5)
(1,312)
1
(28,970)

(18,690)
123
(30,407)
31,671
10,915
(47)
(851)
(284)
(7,570)

(15,163)
48
(33,930)
11,787
13,984
(6,361)
(388)
(36)
(30,059)

(3,595)
(27,956)
9,921
(850)
344
(22,136)
(638)
(1,269)
16,865
15,596 $

(5,515)
(44,537)
—
(677)
1
(50,728)
(474)
(1,089)
17,954
16,865 $

(3,564)
(6,272)
—
(604)
148
(10,292)
279
(1,325)
19,279
17,954

14,681
294
621
15,596

16,601
149
115
16,865

17,576
241
137
17,954

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

89

$

2020

$

$

$

$

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In millions)
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Supplemental cash flow data
Cash paid for income taxes, net
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current
liabilities
Acquisition of businesses in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other
liabilities
Other current assets through financing arrangement in accrued expenses and other
current liabilities
Repurchases of Class A common stock in accrued expenses and other current liabilities

2021

$

6,407

$

8,525

$

4,229

$

3,319

$

3,404

$

2,201

$

291

$

73

$

118

$
$

16
310

$
$

508
340

$
$

—
68

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

90

2020

Table of Contents
META PLATFORMS, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Organization and Description of Business
We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. Our mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. All of
our products, including our apps, share the vision of helping to bring the metaverse to life.
We report our financial results based on two reportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). The segment information aligns with
how the chief operating decision maker (CODM), who is our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), reviews and manages the business. We generate substantially all
of our revenue from advertising.
Basis of Presentation
We prepared the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Meta Platforms, Inc., its subsidiaries where we have controlling financial interests, and any variable interest entities for
which we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
Preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets
and liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical information and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments in several areas, including, but not
limited to, those related to revenue recognition, valuation of non-marketable equity securities, income taxes, loss contingencies, including the ultimate
resolution of litigation, regulatory matters, and asserted and unasserted claims, valuation of long-lived assets including goodwill, intangible assets, and property
and equipment, and their associated estimated useful lives, credit losses of available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities and accounts receivable, fair value of
financial instruments, and fair value of leases. These estimates are based on management's knowledge about current events, interpretation of regulations, and
expectations about actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
In connection with our periodic reviews of the estimated useful lives of property and equipment, we extended the estimated average useful lives of a
majority of the servers and network assets from four years to 4.5 years, effective the second quarter of 2022, and further extended the useful lives to five years
effective the fourth quarter of 2022. The changes in estimated useful lives were due to expected longer refresh cycles in our data centers. The financial impact
of the changes was a reduction in depreciation expense of $860 million and an increase in net income of $693 million, or $0.26 per diluted share for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The impact from the changes in our estimates was calculated based on the servers and network assets existing as of the effective
dates of the changes and applying the revised estimated useful lives prospectively.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we
expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
We determine revenue recognition by applying the following steps:
•
•
•
•

identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;
identification of the performance obligations in the contract;
determination of the transaction price;
allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

91

Table of Contents
•

recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.

We expense sales commissions when incurred if the amortization period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within marketing and sales on our
consolidated statements of income.
We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and
(ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed.
Revenue excludes sales and usage‑based taxes where it has been determined that we are acting as a pass‑through agent.
Advertising
Advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Marketers pay for
ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising agencies or resellers, based on the number of impressions delivered or the number of
actions, such as clicks, taken by our users.
We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Impressions are
considered delivered when an ad is displayed to users. We recognize revenue from the delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the
action the marketer contracted for. In general, we report advertising revenue on a gross basis, since we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred
to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. For revenue
generated from arrangements that involve third-party publishers, we evaluate whether we are the principal or the agent, and for those advertising revenue
arrangements where we are the agent, we recognize revenue on a net basis.
We may accept lower consideration than the amount promised per the contract for certain revenue transactions and certain customers may receive cashbased incentives, credits, or refunds, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. We estimate these
amounts and reduce revenue based on the amounts expected to be provided to customers. We believe that there will not be significant changes to our estimates
of variable consideration.
Reality Labs Revenue
RL revenue is generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products, such as Meta Quest, wearables, and related software and content. Revenue is
recognized at the time control of the products is transferred to customers, which is generally at the time of delivery, in an amount that reflects the consideration
RL expects to be entitled to in exchange for the products.
Other Revenue
Other revenue consists of net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure and revenue from WhatsApp Business Platform and
various other sources.
Cost of Revenue
Our cost of revenue consists mostly of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products. These include expenses related to the
operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure, such as depreciation expense from servers, network infrastructure and buildings, as well as payroll
and related expenses which include share-based compensation for employees on our operations teams, and energy and bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also
includes costs associated with partner arrangements, including traffic acquisition costs and credit card and other fees related to processing customer
transactions, and content costs. Additionally, cost of revenue includes RL inventory costs, which consist of cost of products sold and estimated losses on noncancelable contractual commitments.
Content Costs
Our content costs are mostly related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and music to increase engagement on the platform.
For licensed video, we expense the cost per title when the title is accepted and available

92

Table of Contents
for viewing if the capitalization criteria are not met. Video content costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material to date.
For licensed music, we expense the license fees over the contractual license period. Expensed content costs are included in cost of revenue on the
consolidated statements of income.
Software Development Costs
Software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be marketed or sold to external
users, are expensed before the software or technology reach technological feasibility, which is typically reached shortly before the release of such products.
Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and applications used to deliver our services.
These software development costs meet the criteria for capitalization once the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be
completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended.
Development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material to date.
Share-based Compensation
Share-based compensation expense consists of the company's restricted stock units (RSUs) expense. RSUs granted to employees are measured based on
the grant-date fair value. In general, our RSUs vest over a service period of four years. Share-based compensation expense is generally recognized based on the
straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We account for forfeitures as they occur.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for
income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.
We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method.
Under this method, we recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future consequences of temporary differences between the financial
reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax
rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We recognize the
deferred income tax effects of a change in tax rates in the period of the enactment.
We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider
all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable
income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.
We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. These uncertain tax positions include our estimates for transfer pricing that
have been developed based upon analyses of appropriate arms-length prices. Similarly, our estimates related to uncertain tax positions concerning research tax
credits are based on an assessment of whether our available documentation corroborating the nature of our activities supporting the tax credits will be
sufficient. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no
assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax
accounting guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax
outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such
determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.

93

Table of Contents
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in marketing and sales expenses on the consolidated statements of income. We incurred
advertising expenses of $2.65 billion, $2.99 billion, and $2.26 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities, and Restricted Cash
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with banks and highly liquid investments with maturities of 90 days or less from the date of
purchase.
We hold investments in marketable securities, consisting mostly of U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment grade
corporate debt securities. We classify our marketable securities as available-for-sale (AFS) investments in our current assets because they represent investments
of cash available for current operations. Our AFS investments are carried at estimated fair value with any unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, included in
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. AFS debt securities with an amortized cost basis in excess of estimated fair value are
assessed to determine what amount of that difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. Allowance for credit losses on AFS debt securities are
recognized as a charge in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income, and any remaining unrealized losses, net of taxes,
are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. The amounts of credit losses recorded for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not material. We determine realized gains or losses on sale of marketable securities on a specific identification
method and include such gains or losses in interest and other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of income.
We classify certain restricted cash balances, consisting mostly of cash related to insurance policies, and retention and indemnification holdback for our
acquisitions, within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets based upon the expected duration of the
restrictions.
Non-marketable Equity Securities
Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. We elected to account for
substantially all of our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative, which is cost, less any impairment, adjusted for changes in fair
value resulting from observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer as of the respective transaction dates. The change in
carrying value, if any, is recognized in interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income. We periodically review our nonmarketable equity securities for impairment. When indicators exist and the estimated fair value of an investment is below the carrying amount, we write down
the investment to fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, losses resulted from such remeasurements were $447 million. Gains and losses
recorded in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. For additional information, see Note 6 — Non-marketable Equity Securities.
In addition, we also held other non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the equity method which were immaterial as of December 31, 2022
and 2021.
Fair Value Measurements
We apply fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value
in the financial statements on a recurring basis. We define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are
required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and the market-based risk
measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer
restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels
and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:
Level 1- Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

94

Table of Contents
Level 2- Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or
liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities.
Level 3- Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management's estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability.
Our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because their fair value is derived
from quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing observable market inputs. Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded
stocks measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets to
estimate their fair value. Certain other assets are classified within Level 3 because factors used to develop the estimated fair value are unobservable inputs that
are not supported by market activity.
Our non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the measurement alternative are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. When
indicators of impairment exist or observable price changes of qualified transactions occur, the respective non-marketable equity security would be classified
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the valuation methods include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and
other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities we hold.
Accounts Receivable and Allowances
Accounts receivable are recorded and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any potential uncollectible amounts. We make
estimates of expected credit and collectibility trends for the allowance for credit losses and allowance for unbilled receivables based upon our assessment of
various factors, including historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of our customers, current economic conditions,
reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other factors that may affect our ability to collect from customers. Expected credit
losses are recorded as general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowances for
accounts receivable were immaterial.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment, which includes amounts recorded under finance leases, which are amortized, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease term, whichever is shorter.
The estimated useful lives of property and equipment and amortization periods of finance lease right-of-use assets are described below:
Property and Equipment

Useful Life/ Amortization period

Servers and network assets
Buildings
Equipment and other
Finance lease right-of-use assets
Leasehold improvements

Four to Five years
25 to 30 years
One to 25 years
Three to 20 years
Lesser of estimated useful life or remaining lease term

We evaluate at least annually the recoverability of property and equipment for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of property and equipment assets is not recoverable,
and the asset's fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded
$1.34 billion of abandonment charges for data center construction in progress (CIP) assets under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 360 related
to our restructuring efforts. For additional information regarding our restructuring efforts, see Note 3 — Restructuring.

95

Table of Contents
The useful lives of our property and equipment are determined by management when those assets are initially recognized and are routinely reviewed for
the remaining estimated useful lives. Our current estimate of useful lives represents the best estimate of the useful lives based on current facts and
circumstances, but may differ from the actual useful lives due to changes to our business operations, changes in the planned use of assets, and technological
advancements. When we change the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining carrying amount of the asset is accounted for prospectively
and depreciated or amortized over the revised estimated useful life. See section "Use of Estimates" above for additional information regarding changes in the
estimated useful lives of our servers and network assets.
Servers and network assets include property and equipment mostly in our data centers, which is used to support production traffic. Land and assets held
within construction in progress are not depreciated. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property and equipment that have
not yet been placed in service for their intended use.
The cost of maintenance and repairs is expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from their respective accounts, and any gain or loss on such sale or disposal is reflected in income from operations.
Lease Obligations
We have operating leases comprised of certain offices, data centers, colocations, land, network infrastructure, and other equipment. We also have finance
leases for certain network infrastructure. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Most of our leases contain lease and non-lease components.
Non-lease components include fixed payments for maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes, and management fees. We combine fixed lease and non-lease
components and account for them as a single lease component. Our lease agreements may contain variable costs such as contingent rent escalations, common
area maintenance, insurance, real estate taxes, or other costs. Such variable lease costs are expensed as incurred on the consolidated statements of income. For
certain colocation and equipment leases, we apply a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease
liabilities.
For leases with a lease term greater than 12 months, ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized on the consolidated balance sheets at the
commencement date based on the present value of the remaining fixed lease payments and includes only payments that are fixed and determinable at the time
of commencement.
Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. When determining
the probability of exercising such options, we consider contract-based, asset-based, entity-based, and market-based factors.
As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement
date in determining the present value of lease payments. Our incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on our understanding of what our credit
rating would be in a similar economic environment.
Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, operating lease liabilities, current, and operating lease liabilities, non-current on our
consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, net, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and other liabilities on
our consolidated balance sheets.
Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the
shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease terms.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment losses of $2.22 billion in aggregate for operating lease ROU assets and leasehold
improvements under ASC Topic 360 as a part of our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts. The fair values of the impaired assets were estimated using
discounted cash flow models (income approach) based on market participant assumptions with Level 3 inputs. The assumptions used in estimating fair value
include the expected downtime prior to the commencement of future subleases, projected sublease income over the remaining lease periods, and discount rates
that reflect the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. For additional information regarding our restructuring efforts, see Note 3 —
Restructuring.

96

Table of Contents
Loss Contingencies
We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business.
Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. Additionally, we are required to comply with various
legal and regulatory obligations around the world, and we regularly become subject to new laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The
requirements for complying with these obligations may be uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any
failure to comply with such obligations could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these matters, asserted and unasserted, we
evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the
amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss and the loss or range of loss can be reasonably
estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements to the extent material.
We review the developments in our contingencies that could affect the amount of the provisions that have been previously recorded, and the matters and
related reasonably possible losses disclosed. We make adjustments to our provisions and changes to our disclosures accordingly to reflect the merits of our
defenses and the impact of negotiations, settlements, regulatory proceedings, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and updated information. Significant judgment is
required to determine the probability of loss and the estimated amount of loss, including when and if the probability and estimate has changed for asserted and
unasserted matters. Certain factors, in particular, have resulted in significant changes to these estimates and judgments in prior quarters based on updated
information available. For example, in certain jurisdictions where we operate, fines and penalties may be the result of new laws and preliminary interpretations
regarding the basis of assessing damages, which may make it difficult to estimate what such fines and penalties would amount to if successfully asserted
against us. In addition, certain government inquiries and investigations, such as matters before our lead European Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, are
subject to review by other regulatory bodies before decisions can be finalized, which can lead to significant changes in the outcome of an inquiry. As a result of
these and other factors, we reasonably expect that our estimates and judgments with respect to our contingencies may continue to be revised in future quarters.
Business Combinations
We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their
estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as
goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. Allocation of purchase consideration to identifiable assets and
liabilities affects the amortization expense, as acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, whereas any indefinite-lived intangible
assets, including goodwill, are not amortized. During the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from business combinations and are expensed as incurred.
Goodwill and Intangibles Assets
We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from business combinations. We evaluate our reporting units annually, as well as
when changes in our operating segments occur. For changes in reporting units, we reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. Goodwill is
tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would more likely than not reduce the fair
value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We have two reporting units subject to goodwill impairment testing. As of December 31, 2022, no
impairment of goodwill has been identified.
We evaluate the recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The evaluation of these intangible assets are performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are
largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the
future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate from the use and eventual disposition. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of
finite-lived intangible assets is not recoverable, and the assets fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized. We have not
recorded any material impairment charges during the years presented.

97

Table of Contents

Our finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are
not amortized. If an indefinite-lived intangible asset is subsequently determined to have a finite useful life, the asset will be tested for impairment and
accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives
of finite-lived intangible assets. If we change the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance is amortized over the
revised estimated useful life.
Foreign Currency
Generally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of these subsidiaries to
U.S. dollars using month-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for revenue, costs, and expenses. Translation gains and
losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders' equity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had
cumulative translation losses, net of tax of $1.86 billion and $677 million, respectively.
Foreign currency transaction gains and losses from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the subsidiary involved
are recorded within interest and other income (expense), net on our consolidated statements of income. Net losses resulting from foreign currency transactions
were $81 million, $140 million, and $129 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
Credit Risk and Concentration
Our financial instruments that are potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash,
marketable securities, and accounts receivable. Cash equivalents consists mostly of money market funds, that primarily invest in U.S. government and agency
securities. Marketable securities consist of investments in U.S. government securities, U.S. government agency securities, and investment grade corporate debt
securities. Our investment portfolio in corporate debt securities is highly liquid and diversified among individual issuers. The amount of credit losses recorded
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was not material.
Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers across different industries and countries. We generated
40%, 41%, and 42% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, from marketers and developers based in the United
States, with the majority of revenue outside of the United States coming from customers located in western Europe, China, Brazil, Canada, Australia and Japan.
We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral. We maintain an allowance for estimated credit losses,
and bad debt expense on these losses was not material during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. In the event that accounts receivable
collection cycles deteriorate, our operating results and financial position could be adversely affected.
No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
On January 1, 2022, we early adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract
Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2021-08), which clarifies that an acquirer of a business should recognize and measure
contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers. The adoption of this new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
On July 1, 2022, we early adopted ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to
Contractual Sale Restrictions (ASU 2022-03), which clarifies and amends the guidance of measuring the fair value of equity securities subject to contractual
restrictions that prohibit the sale of the equity securities. The adoption of this new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.
On October 1, 2022, we adopted ASU No. 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosure by Business Entities about Government Assistance
(ASU 2021-10), which improves the transparency of government assistance received

98

Table of Contents
by most business entities by requiring annual disclosures of: (1) the types of government assistance received; (2) the accounting for such assistance; and (3) the
effect of the assistance on a business entity's financial statements. The adoption of this new standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements.
Note 2. Revenue
Revenue disaggregated by revenue source and by segment consists of the following (in millions). For comparative purposes, amounts for the year ended
December 31, 2020 have been recast:
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Advertising
Other revenue
Family of Apps
Reality Labs

$

Total revenue

$

113,642
808
114,450
2,159
116,609

2021

$

$

114,934
721
115,655
2,274
117,929

2020

$

84,169
657
84,826
1,139
85,965

$

Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers, consists of the following (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

United States and Canada (1)
Europe (2)
Asia-Pacific
Rest of World (2)

$

$

Total revenue

50,150
26,681
27,760
12,018
116,609

2021

$

$

51,541
29,057
26,739
10,592
117,929

2020

$

$

38,433
20,349
19,848
7,335
85,965

_________________________

(1) United States revenue was $47.20 billion, $48.38 billion, and $36.25 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
(2) Europe includes Russia and Turkey, and Rest of World includes Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.

Our total deferred revenue was $526 million and $596 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we expect
$482 million of our deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year.

99

Table of Contents

Note 3. Restructuring
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we initiated several measures to pursue greater cost efficiency and to realign our business and strategic
priorities.
Beginning in the third quarter of 2022, as a part of our facilities consolidation strategy, we made a decision to sublease, early terminate, or abandon
several office buildings under operating leases to align our real property lease arrangements with our anticipated operating needs. As a result, we recorded
impairment charges for the related operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets and leasehold improvements.
In November 2022, we announced a layoff of approximately 11,000 of our employees across the FoA and RL segments. As a result, we recorded
severance and other personnel related expenses for the impacted employees.
In December 2022, we reevaluated our data center investment strategy to improve efficiency and further advance our efforts around artificial
intelligence. As a result, we decided to pivot several of our data center building projects to a next generation design while also canceling multiple existing data
center projects. This strategy led to abandonment charges of the related data center assets.
A summary of our restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 by major activity type is as follows (in millions):
Severance and Other
Personnel Costs

Facilities Consolidation
(1)

Cost of revenue
Research and development
Marketing and sales
General and administrative
Total

$

154
1,311
404
426
2,295

$

$

$

—
408
234
333
975

Data Center Assets

$

$

Total

1,341
—
—
—
1,341

$

$

1,495
1,719
638
759
4,611

________________________

(1) Facilities consolidation includes impairment charges and accelerated expenses related to certain operating lease ROU assets and leasehold improvements.

Total restructuring charges recorded under our FoA segment were $4.10 billion and RL segment were $515 million.
The following table is a summary of the changes in the severance and other personnel liabilities, included within accrued expenses and other current
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, related to the workforce reduction (in millions):
Balance as of January 1, 2022
Severance and other personnel costs
Cash payments during the period

$

Balance as of December 31, 2022 (1)

$

__________________________

(1) We expect the remaining severance and termination related liabilities to be substantially paid out in cash during the first half of 2023.

100

—
975
(203)
772

Table of Contents

Note 4. Earnings per Share
We compute earnings per share (EPS) of Class A and Class B common stock using the two-class method. As the liquidation and dividend rights for both
Class A and Class B common stock are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis to the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding for the period.
Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of our Class A and Class B common stock outstanding. For
the calculation of diluted EPS, net income for basic EPS is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including awards under our equity compensation plan.
In addition, the computation of the diluted EPS of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common
stock, while the diluted EPS of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares to Class A common stock. Diluted EPS is computed by
dividing the resulting net income by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common shares outstanding.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 95 million shares of Class A common stock equivalents of restricted stock units (RSUs) were
excluded from the diluted EPS calculation as including them would have an anti-dilutive effect. RSUs with anti-dilutive effect were not material for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.
Basic and diluted EPS are the same for each class of common stock because they are entitled to the same liquidation and dividend rights.
The numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted EPS computations for our common stock are calculated as follows (in millions, except per
share amounts):
Year Ended December 31,
2022
Class
A

Basic EPS:
Numerator
Net income
Denominator
Shares used in computation of basic earnings per share

2021
Class
B

Class
A

2020
Class
B

Class
A

Class
B

$

19,729

$

3,471

$

33,328

$

6,042

$

24,607

$

4,539

Basic EPS
Diluted EPS:
Numerator
Net income
Reallocation of net income as a result of conversion of Class B to
Class A common stock
Reallocation of net income to Class B common stock
Net income for diluted EPS
Denominator
Shares used in computation of basic earnings per share
Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock
Weighted-average effect of dilutive RSUs
Shares used in computation of diluted earnings per share

$

2,285
8.63

$

402
8.63

$

2,383
13.99

$

432
13.99

$

2,407
10.22

$

444
10.22

$

19,729

$

3,471

$

33,328

$

6,042

$

24,607

$

4,539

$

3,471
—
23,200

$

—
(19)
3,452 $

6,042
—
39,370

$

—
(93)
5,949 $

4,539
—
29,146

$

—
(58)
4,481

Diluted EPS

$

2,285
402
15
2,702
8.59

$

402
—
—
402
8.59

2,383
432
44
2,859
13.77

$

432
—
—
432
13.77

2,407
444
37
2,888
10.09

$

444
—
—
444
10.09

101

$

$

Table of Contents

Note 5. Cash, Cash Equivalent, Marketable Securities, and Restricted Cash
The following table sets forth cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted cash (in millions):
December 31,
2022

Cash and cash equivalents:
Cash
Money market funds
U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Certificates of deposit and time deposits
Corporate debt securities
Total cash and cash equivalents
Marketable securities:
Marketable debt securities:
U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Total marketable debt securities
Marketable equity securities
Total marketable securities
Restricted cash:
Restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets
Restricted cash included in other assets
Total restricted cash

$

$

Total cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash

102

2021

6,176
8,305
—
16
156
28
14,681

$

7,308
8,850
25
108
250
60
16,601

8,708
4,989
12,335
26,032
25
26,057

10,901
5,927
14,569
31,397
—
31,397

294
621
915
41,653

149
115
264
48,262

$

Table of Contents
The following table summarizes our available-for-sale marketable debt securities and cash equivalents with unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, aggregated by major security type and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):
December 31, 2022
Less than 12 months
Fair Value

U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Total

$

$

5,008
524
4,555
10,087

12 months or greater

Unrealized Losses

$

(234) $
(17)
(249)
(500) $

$

Fair Value

3,499
4,415
7,256
15,170

Total

Unrealized Losses

$

$

(247) $
(308)
(634)
(1,189) $

Fair Value

Unrealized Losses

8,507
4,939
11,811
25,257

$

$

(481)
(325)
(883)
(1,689)

December 31, 2021
Less than 12 months
Fair Value

U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Total

$

$

5,184
5,029
10,041
20,254

12 months or greater

Unrealized Losses

$

(38) $
(61)
(93)
(192) $

$

Fair Value

Total

Unrealized Losses

30
2
40
72

$

$

— $
—
(1)
(1) $

Fair Value

Unrealized Losses

5,214
5,031
10,081
20,326

$

$

(38)
(61)
(94)
(193)

The increase in the gross unrealized losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to higher interest rates. The allowance for credit losses and the
gross unrealized gains on our marketable debt securities was not material as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.
The following table classifies our marketable debt securities by contractual maturities (in millions):
December 31, 2022

Due within one year
Due after one year to five years

$
$

Total

103

4,170
21,862
26,032

Table of Contents

Note 6. Non-marketable Equity Securities
Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. The following table
summarizes our non-marketable equity securities that were measured using measurement alternative and equity method (in millions):
December 31,
2022

Non-marketable equity securities under measurement alternative:
Initial cost
Cumulative upward adjustments
Cumulative impairment/downward adjustments
Carrying value
Non-marketable equity securities under equity method

$

6,388
293
(497)
6,184
17
6,201

$

Total

2021

$

6,480
311
(50)
6,741
34
6,775

$

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded $447 million of impairment and downward adjustments on our non-marketable equity securities
that were measured using measurement alternative, which includes the impairment of our equity investment in Giphy due to a regulatory decision announced
by the United Kingdom Competition and Markets Authority in October 2022.
Note 7. Fair Value Measurements
The following table summarizes our assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the classification by level of input within the fair value
hierarchy (in millions):
Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using
December 31,
2022

Description

Cash equivalents:
Money market funds
U.S. government agency securities
Certificates of deposit and time deposits
Corporate debt securities
Marketable securities:
U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Marketable equity securities
Restricted cash equivalents
Other assets
Total

$

$

8,305
16
156
28
8,708
4,989
12,335
25
583
157
35,302

104

Quoted Prices in Active
Markets for Identical
Assets
(Level 1)

$

$

8,305
16
—
—
8,708
4,989
—
25
583
—
22,626

Significant Other
Observable Inputs
(Level 2)

$

$

—
—
156
28
—
—
12,335
—
—
—
12,519

Significant Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3)

$

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
157
157

Table of Contents
Fair Value Measurement at Reporting Date Using
December 31,
2021

Description

Cash equivalents:
Money market funds
U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Certificates of deposit and time deposits
Corporate debt securities
Marketable securities:
U.S. government securities
U.S. government agency securities
Corporate debt securities
Restricted cash equivalents
Other assets
Total

$

$

8,850
25
108
250
60
10,901
5,927
14,569
71
160
40,921

Quoted Prices in Active
Markets for Identical
Assets
(Level 1)

$

$

8,850
25
108
—
—
10,901
5,927
—
71
—
25,882

Significant Other
Observable Inputs
(Level 2)

$

Significant Unobservable
Inputs
(Level 3)

—
—
—
250
60
—
—
14,569
—
—
14,879

$

$

—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
160
160

$

We classify our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities within Level 1 or Level 2 because we use quoted market prices or alternative pricing
sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine their fair value. Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks measured at fair
value and classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets to estimate their fair value.
Certain other assets are classified within Level 3 because factors used to develop the estimated fair value are unobservable inputs that are not supported by
market activity.
Our non-marketable equity securities accounted for using the measurement alternative are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are
classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because we use significant unobservable inputs to estimate their fair value. Assets remeasured at fair value
within Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial and $913 million, respectively. For additional information, see Note 6 —
Non-marketable Equity Securities.
Note 8. Property and Equipment
Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in millions):
December 31,
2022

Land
Servers and network assets
Buildings
Leasehold improvements
Equipment and other
Finance lease right-of-use assets
Construction in progress
Property and equipment, gross
Less: Accumulated depreciation
Property and equipment, net

$

$

105

1,874 $
34,330
27,720
6,522
5,642
3,353
25,052
104,493
(24,975)
79,518 $

2021

1,688
25,584
22,531
5,795
4,764
2,840
14,687
77,889
(20,080)
57,809

Table of Contents
Construction in progress includes costs mostly related to construction of data centers, network infrastructure, servers, and office facilities. As of
December 31, 2022, construction in progress also includes $2.18 billion of servers and network assets components stored by our suppliers until required by our
design manufacturers to fulfill certain purchase orders.
Depreciation expense on property and equipment was $8.50 billion, $7.56 billion, and $6.39 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020, respectively. The majority of the property and equipment depreciation expense was from servers and network assets depreciation of $5.29 billion,
$4.94 billion, and $4.38 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For additional information regarding changes in the
estimated useful life of our servers and network assets, see Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded $1.34 billion abandonment charge and $508 million impairment loss for data center assets and
leasehold improvements assets, respectively, as a result of our restructuring efforts. For additional information, see Note 3 — Restructuring.
Note 9. Leases
We have entered into various non-cancelable operating lease agreements mostly for certain of our offices, data centers, colocations, and land. We have
also entered into various non-cancelable finance lease agreements mostly for certain network infrastructure. Our leases have original lease periods expiring
between 2023 and 2093. Many leases include one or more options to renew. We do not assume renewals in our determination of the lease term unless the
renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured. Our lease agreements generally do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive
covenants.
The components of lease costs are as follows (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Finance lease cost:
Amortization of right-of-use assets
Interest
Operating lease cost
Variable lease cost and other, net

$

$

Total lease cost

2021

380
16
1,857
363
2,616

$

2020

344
15
1,540
272
2,171

$

$

259
14
1,391
269
1,933

$

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also recorded $1.71 billion impairment loss for operating lease ROU assets as a part of our facilities
consolidation restructuring efforts. For additional information, see Note 3 — Restructuring.
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:
December 31,
2022

Weighted-average remaining lease term:
Finance leases
Operating leases
Weighted-average discount rate:
Finance leases
Operating leases

106

2021

14.4 years
12.5 years

13.9 years
13.0 years

3.1 %
3.2 %

2.7 %
2.8 %

Table of Contents
The following is a schedule, by years, of maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 (in millions):
Operating Leases

2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
Thereafter
Total undiscounted cash flows
Less: Imputed interest

$

$

Present value of lease liabilities (1)
Lease liabilities, current
Lease liabilities, non current

$
$

Present value of lease liabilities (1)

Finance Leases

1,739 $
2,034
1,771
1,723
1,699
11,801
20,767
(4,099)
16,668 $

146
57
57
53
52
460
825
(138)
687

1,367
15,301
16,668

129
558
687

$
$

_________________
(1) Lease liabilities include those operating leases that we plan to sublease or abandon as a part of our facilities consolidation restructuring efforts. For additional information,
see Note 3 — Restructuring.

The table above does not include lease payments that were not fixed at commencement or lease modification. As of December 31, 2022, we have
additional operating and finance leases, that have not yet commenced, with lease obligations of approximately $8.36 billion and $1.43 billion, respectively,
mostly for data centers, offices, network infrastructure, and colocations. These operating and finance leases will commence between 2023 and 2028 with lease
terms of greater than one year to 30 years.
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows for operating leases
Operating cash flows for finance leases
Financing cash flows for finance leases
Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets:
Operating leases
Finance leases

2021

2020

$
$
$

1,654
16
850

$
$
$

1,406
15
677

$
$
$

1,208
14
604

$
$

4,366
223

$
$

4,466
160

$
$

1,158
121

Note 10. Acquisitions, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed several business combinations with total cash consideration transferred of $1.23 billion, which
in aggregate was allocated to $317 million of intangible assets, $1.14 billion of goodwill, and $223 million of net liabilities assumed. Goodwill generated from
all business acquisitions completed was primarily attributable to expected synergies and potential monetization opportunities. The amount of goodwill
generated that was deductible for tax purposes was not material. Acquisition-related costs were immaterial and were expensed as incurred. Pro forma historical
results of operations related to these business acquisitions have not been presented because they are not significant to our consolidated financial statements,
either individually or in aggregate. We have included the financial results of these acquired businesses in our consolidated financial statements from their
respective dates of acquisition.

107

Table of Contents
Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in millions):
Family of Apps

Goodwill at December 31, 2020
Acquisitions
Adjustments/transfer
Effect of currency translation adjustment
Segment allocation in the fourth quarter of 2021 (1)
Acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2021
Effect of currency translation adjustment
Goodwill at December 31, 2021
Acquisitions
Adjustments

Reality Labs

Total

$

$

18,455
—
3
18,458
773
19
19,250

$

Goodwill at December 31, 2022

$

610
128
1
739
364
(47)
1,056 $

$

19,050
210
(191)
(4)
19,065
128
4
19,197
1,137
(28)
20,306

_________________________

(1) Represents reallocation of goodwill as a result of our change in segments in the fourth quarter of 2021. See Note 17 — Segment and Geographical Information for further
details.

The following table sets forth the major categories of the intangible assets and the weighted-average remaining useful lives for those assets that are not
already fully amortized (in millions):
December 31, 2022
WeightedAverage
Remaining
Useful Lives
(in years)

Acquired technology
Acquired patents
Trade names
Other
Total finite-lived assets
Total indefinite-lived assets
Total intangible assets

5.2
3.0
3.7
8.9

Gross Carrying
Amount

$

N/A
$

507
380
11
75
973
382
1,355

Accumulated
Amortization

$

(144) $
(289)
(3)
(22)
(458)
—
(458) $

$

December 31, 2021

Net Carrying
Amount

363
91
8
53
515
382
897

Gross Carrying
Amount

$

$

1,412
827
644
176
3,059
266
3,325

Accumulated
Amortization

$

$

(1,169) $
(722)
(633)
(167)
(2,691)
—
(2,691) $

Net Carrying
Amount

243
105
11
9
368
266
634

Amortization expense of intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $185 million, $407 million, and $473 million,
respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, expected amortization expense for the unamortized finite-lived intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as
follows (in millions):
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
Thereafter

$

Total

$

108

153
126
83
44
27
82
515

Table of Contents

Note 11. Long-term Debt
In August 2022, we issued an aggregate of $10.0 billion principal amount of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes in four series (the “Original Notes”) in a
private offering to qualified institutional buyers and certain non-U.S. persons. The proceeds from this offering, net of discounts and debt issuance costs, was
$9.92 billion. We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, capital
expenditures, repurchases of outstanding shares of our common stock, acquisitions, or investments. In connection with the offering, we entered into a
registration rights agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement") providing for the filing of a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission in order to exchange the Original Notes for registered notes having substantially the same terms.
On November 29, 2022, we commenced an offer to exchange (the "Exchange Offer") the Original Notes for new registered notes (the "Exchange Notes"
and, together with the Original Notes, the "Notes") in order to fulfill our obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement. The Exchange Offer expired on
December 28, 2022 and settled on December 29, 2022. We did not receive any proceeds from the Exchange Offer, and the aggregate principal amount of the
Exchange Notes that were issued was equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Original Notes that were surrendered pursuant to the Exchange Offer. Each
series of the Exchange Notes is part of the same series of the applicable series of the Original Notes and the terms of the Exchange Notes offered in the
Exchange Offer are substantially identical to the terms of the respective series of the Original Notes, except that the Exchange Notes are registered under the
Securities Act, and certain transfer restrictions, registration rights, and additional interest provisions relating to the Original Notes do not apply to the Exchange
Notes. The Notes of each series rank equally with each other and we are not subject to any financial covenants. We may redeem each series of the Notes at any
time in whole or in part, at specified redemption prices.
The following table summarizes the Notes and the carrying amount of our debt as of December 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages):
2027 Notes
2032 Notes
2052 Notes
2062 Notes
Total face amount of long-term debt
Unamortized discount and issuance costs, net

Maturity

Stated Interest Rate

Effective Interest Rate

2027
2032
2052
2062

3.50%
3.85%
4.45%
4.65%

3.63%
3.92%
4.51%
4.71%

December 31, 2022

$

$

Long-term debt

2,750
3,000
2,750
1,500
10,000
(77)
9,923

Interest on each of the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears in February and August of each year, commencing in February 2023. The effective
interest rates include the interest rates stated on the Notes and amortization of the discounts and issuance costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest
expense recognized on the debt was $160 million.
The total estimated fair value of our outstanding debt was $8.63 billion as of December 31, 2022. The fair value was determined based on the closing
trading price per $100 of the Notes as of December 31, 2022 and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
As of December 31, 2022, future principal payments for the Notes, by year, are as follows (in millions):
2023 through 2026
2027
Thereafter

$

$

Total outstanding debt

109

—
2,750
7,250
10,000

Table of Contents

Note 12. Liabilities
The components of accrued expenses and other current liabilities are as follows (in millions):
December 31,
2022

Legal-related accruals (1)
Accrued compensation and benefits
Accrued property and equipment
Accrued taxes
Other current liabilities

$

$

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

2021

4,795
4,591
2,921
2,339
4,906
19,552

$

3,254
3,152
1,392
1,256
5,819
14,873

$

_________________________

(1) Includes accruals for estimated fines, settlements, or other losses in connection with legal and related matters, as well as other legal fees. For further information, see Legal
and Related Matters in Note 13 — Commitments and Contingencies.

The components of other liabilities are as follows (in millions):
December 31,
2022

Income tax payable
Other non-current liabilities

$

Other liabilities

$

2021

6,645
1,119
7,764

$
$

5,938
1,289
7,227

Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies
Guarantee
In 2018, we established a multi-currency notional cash pool for certain of our entities with a third-party bank provider, which was terminated on
December 2, 2022. As a result, the parental guarantee by Meta Platforms, Inc. was no longer required.
Contractual Commitments
We have $19.91 billion of non-cancelable contractual commitments as of December 31, 2022, which are primarily related to our investments in network
infrastructure, servers, and consumer hardware products in Reality Labs. The following is a schedule, by years, of non-cancelable contractual commitments as
of December 31, 2022 (in millions):
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027
Thereafter

$

Total

$

13,203
2,295
1,434
265
209
2,504
19,910

Additionally, as part of the normal course of business, we have entered into multi-year agreements to purchase renewable energy that do not specify a
fixed or minimum volume commitment or to purchase certain server components that do not specify a fixed or minimum price commitment. We enter into
these agreements in order to secure either volume or price. Using the projected market prices or expected volume consumption, the total estimated spend as of
December 31, 2022

110

Table of Contents
is approximately $10.34 billion, a majority of which is due beyond five years. The ultimate spend under these agreements may vary and will be based on
prevailing market prices or actual volume purchased.
In January 2023, we entered into multi-year agreements to purchase renewable energy in the amount of approximately $1.6 billion.
Legal and Related Matters
Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United States and
elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in
connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of
our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Beginning on July 27, 2018, two putative class actions were filed in federal court
in the United States against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings
results for the second quarter of 2018 and seeking unspecified damages. These two actions subsequently were transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California with the putative securities class action described above relating to our platform and user data practices. On
September 25, 2019, the district court granted our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative securities class action, with leave to amend. On November 15,
2019, a second amended complaint was filed in the consolidated putative securities class action. On August 7, 2020, the district court granted our motion to
dismiss the second amended complaint, with leave to amend. On October 16, 2020, a third amended complaint was filed in the consolidated putative securities
class action. On December 20, 2021, the district court granted our motion to dismiss the third amended complaint, with prejudice. On January 17, 2022, the
plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their case, and the appeal is now pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. With
respect to the multiple putative class actions filed against us beginning on March 20, 2018 alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection, privacy, and
other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of California. On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated
putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of
$725 million by us and is subject to court approval. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding the misuse of certain
data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States,
Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020. Among
other matters, our settlement with the FTC required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion which was paid in April 2020 upon the effectiveness of the modified
consent order. The state attorneys general inquiry and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. On July 16, 2021, a stockholder
derivative action was filed in Delaware Chancery Court against certain of our directors and officers asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims
relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as our settlement with the FTC. On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended
derivative complaint in a related Delaware Chancery Court action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of our current and
former directors and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices. On November 4, 2021, the lead plaintiffs filed a second
amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder derivative action. We believe the lawsuits described above are without merit, and we are vigorously
defending them.
We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators
regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. For example, we are currently subject to an IDPC inquiry regarding Meta Platforms Ireland's ability to
transfer European Union/European Economic Area Facebook user data to the United States, which is described further in "Legal Proceedings" contained in
Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving and draft decisions in investigations by the IDPC are
subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR's consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in the final
outcome of such investigations. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for noncompliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. Although we are vigorously defending our regulatory compliance, we have accrued significant amounts for
loss contingencies related to these inquiries and investigations in Europe, and we believe there is a reasonable possibility that additional accruals for losses
related to these matters could be material in the aggregate.

111

Table of Contents
Beginning in January 2022, we became subject to litigation and other proceedings that were filed in various federal and California state courts alleging
that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in teenage users, resulting in various mental health and other harms. A putative class action
alleging similar harms was also filed in California state court on behalf of users under the age of 13 and three school districts recently filed public nuisance
claims based on similar allegations. On October 6, 2022, the federal cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.
The state court proceedings are now pending before a trial judge from Los Angeles County Superior Court. We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we
are vigorously defending them. We are also subject to government investigations and requests from multiple regulators concerning the use of our products, and
the related mental and physical health and safety impacts on teenage users.
We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and disclosure practices. For example, beginning
in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and requests relating to a former employee's allegations and release of internal company
documents concerning, among other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement practices, as well as misinformation and
other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. We have since received additional requests relating to these and other topics. Beginning on
October 27, 2021, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us
and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with the same
matters, and seeking unspecified damages. We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we are vigorously defending them.
On March 8, 2022, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against us and certain of our
directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021 and seeking
unspecified damages. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are vigorously defending it.
Beginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size
for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and 2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs'
claims, but permitted its fraud and unfair competition claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On
June 21, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted our petition for permission to appeal the district court's class certification order, and the
district court subsequently stayed the case. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are vigorously defending it.
In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory agencies, including in particular in Brazil,
Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including
our obligation to disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment of fines and penalties
against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously
defend such fines and penalties.
With respect to the cases, actions, and inquiries described above, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when
we believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss in
some of these matters. With respect to the matters described above that do not include an estimate of the amount of loss or range of possible loss, such losses or
range of possible losses either cannot be estimated or are not individually material, but we believe there is a reasonable possibility that they may be material in
the aggregate.
We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary
course of business. For example, we are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by competition
authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices
in the areas of social networking or social media services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in
June 2019 we were informed by the FTC that it had opened an antitrust investigation of our company. On December 9, 2020, the FTC filed a complaint against
us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition in violation of
Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp

112

Table of Contents
in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform. In addition, beginning in the third quarter of 2019, we became the subject of antitrust
investigations by the U.S. Department of Justice and state attorneys general. On December 9, 2020, the attorneys general from 46 states, the territory of Guam,
and the District of Columbia filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive
conduct in violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on
access to our platform. The complaint also alleged that we violated Section 7 of the Clayton Act by acquiring Instagram and WhatsApp. The complaints of the
FTC and attorneys general both sought a permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief,
including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. On June 28, 2021, the court granted our motions to dismiss the complaints filed by the
FTC and attorneys general, dismissing the FTC's complaint with leave to amend and dismissing the attorneys general's case without prejudice. On July 28,
2021, the attorneys general filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their case and that appeal is now pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit. On August 19, 2021, the FTC filed an amended complaint, and on October 4, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss this amended
complaint. On January 11, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the FTC's amended complaint. Multiple putative class actions have also been filed in
state and federal courts in the United States and in the United Kingdom against us alleging violations of antitrust laws and other causes of action in connection
with these acquisitions and/or other alleged anticompetitive conduct, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Several of the cases brought on behalf of
certain advertisers and users in the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. On January 14, 2022, the
court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated actions. On March 1, 2022, a first amended consolidated complaint was filed
in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. On December 6, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the first amended
consolidated complaint filed in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. In addition, on July 27, 2022, the FTC filed a complaint
against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California seeking to preliminarily enjoin our proposed acquisition of Within Unlimited as an
alleged violation of antitrust law. The FTC subsequently filed a related complaint in their administrative court seeking to permanently enjoin the transaction as
a violation of Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and seeking other relief as well. We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we are vigorously defending them.
In December 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we tie Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a
manner that infringes European Union competition rules.
On February 14, 2022, the State of Texas filed a lawsuit against us in Texas state court alleging that “tag suggestions" and other facial recognition
features on our products violated the Texas Capture or Use of Biometric Identifiers Act and the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices-Consumer Protection Act, and
seeking statutory damages and injunctive relief. The case is currently scheduled for trial in October 2023. We believe this lawsuit is without merit, and we are
vigorously defending it.
Additionally, we are required to comply with various legal and regulatory obligations around the world. The requirements for complying with these
obligations may be uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any failure to comply with such obligations
could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these other legal proceedings, claims, regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and
investigations, and other matters, asserted and unasserted, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe a
loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss in some of these
other matters. We believe that the amount of losses or any estimable range of possible losses with respect to these other matters will not, either individually or
in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial statements.
The ultimate outcome of the legal and related matters described in this section, such as whether the likelihood of loss is remote, reasonably possible, or
probable, or if and when the reasonably possible range of loss is estimable, is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved
against us for amounts in excess of management's estimates of loss, our results of operations and financial condition, including in a particular reporting period
in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable, could be materially adversely affected.
For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 16 — Income Taxes.
Indemnifications
In the normal course of business, to facilitate transactions of services and products, we have agreed to indemnify certain parties with respect to certain
matters. We have agreed to hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property
infringement or other claims made by third parties.

113

Table of Contents
These agreements may limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into
indemnification agreements with our officers, directors, and certain employees, and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain similar indemnification
obligations.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification
claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Historically, payments made by us under these agreements have not had a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, as of December 31, 2022, there was not a reasonable possibility we had incurred a
material loss with respect to indemnification of such parties. We have not recorded any liability for costs related to indemnification through December 31,
2022.
Note 14. Stockholders' Equity
Common Stock
Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we are
authorized to issue 5,000 million shares of Class A common stock and 4,141 million shares of Class B common stock, each with a par value of $0.000006 per
share. Holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by our board of directors, subject to
the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. As of December 31, 2022, we have not declared any dividends.
The holder of each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote, while the holder of each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes.
Shares of our Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of our Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of our
Class A common stock upon transfer. Class A common stock and Class B common stock are collectively referred to as common stock throughout the notes to
these financial statements, unless otherwise noted.
As of December 31, 2022, there were 2,247 million shares of Class A common stock and 367 million shares of Class B common stock issued and
outstanding.
Share Repurchase Program
Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in January 2017 and does not have
an expiration date. As of December 31, 2021, $38.79 billion remained available and authorized for repurchases under this program. In 2022, we repurchased
and subsequently retired 161 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $27.93 billion. As of December 31, 2022, $10.87 billion
remained available and authorized for repurchases. In January 2023, an additional $40 billion of repurchases was authorized under this program.
The timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the repurchase program depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and
market conditions, and other investment opportunities, and shares may be repurchased through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions,
including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Share-based Compensation Plan
We have one active share-based employee compensation plan, the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended 2012 Plan), which was amended in each of
June 2016, February 2018, and December 2022. Our Amended 2012 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock
awards, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, performance shares, and stock bonuses to qualified employees, directors, and consultants. Shares that are withheld in
connection with the net settlement of RSUs or forfeited are added to the reserves of the Amended 2012 Plan.
As of December 31, 2022, there were 66 million shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our Amended 2012 Plan.
Pursuant to the automatic increase provision under our Amended 2012 Plan, the number of shares reserved for issuance increases automatically on January 1 of
each of the calendar years during the term of the Amended 2012 Plan, which will continue through April 2026, by a number of shares of Class A common stock
equal to the lesser of (i) 2.5% of the total issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock as of the immediately preceding

114

Table of Contents
December 31st or (ii) a number of shares determined by our board of directors. Pursuant to this automatic increase provision, our board of directors approved
an increase of 56 million shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance, effective January 1, 2023.
In December 2022, our board of directors approved an amendment to our Amended 2012 Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance
under the Amended 2012 Plan by 425 million shares, effective March 1, 2023 (Plan Amendment). The Plan Amendment was also approved by holders of a
majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock in December 2022.
The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022:
Number of Shares

Weighted-Average Grant
Date Fair Value Per
Share

(in thousands)

Unvested at December 31, 2021
Granted
Vested
Forfeited

98,848
106,693
(54,013)
(24,418)
127,110

Unvested at December 31, 2022

$
$
$
$

244.32
195.66
218.24
231.98

$

216.93

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $305.40 and $188.73, respectively.
The fair value as of the respective vesting dates of RSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $9.44 billion,
$14.42 billion, and $9.38 billion, respectively. The income tax benefit recognized related to awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020 was $2.0 billion, $3.08 billion, and $1.81 billion, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, there was $26.01 billion of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to RSU awards. This unrecognized
compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately three years based on vesting under the award service
conditions.
Note 15. Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net
The following table presents the detail of interest and other income (expense), net (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Interest income, net
Foreign currency exchange losses, net
Other income (expense), net

$

$

Interest and other income (expense), net

115

2021

276 $
(81)
(320)
(125) $

2020

461 $
(140)
210
531 $

672
(129)
(34)
509

Table of Contents

Note 16. Income Taxes
The components of income before provision for income taxes are as follows (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Domestic
Foreign

$
$

Income before provision for income taxes

2021

25,025
3,794
28,819

$

2020

43,669
3,615
47,284

$

$

24,233
8,947
33,180

$

The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Current:
Federal
State
Foreign
Total current tax expense

$

6,094
874
1,928
8,896

Deferred:
Federal
State
Foreign
Total deferred tax (benefits)/expense

$

2020

4,971
548
1,786
7,305

(2,776)
(405)
(96)
(3,277)
5,619 $

$

Provision for income taxes

2021

$

3,297
523
1,211
5,031

585
43
(19)
609
7,914 $

(859)
(122)
(16)
(997)
4,034

A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rates to our effective tax rate is as follows (in percentages):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

U.S. federal statutory income tax rate
State income taxes, net of federal benefit
Share-based compensation
Research and development tax credits
Foreign-derived intangible income deduction
Effect of non-U.S. operations
Research and development capitalization
Other

2021

21.0 %
1.0
2.6
(2.4)
(7.0)
3.0
—
1.3
19.5 %

Effective tax rate

116

2020

21.0 %
1.0
(1.7)
(1.3)
(3.5)
0.9
—
0.3
16.7 %

21.0 %
0.8
(1.4)
(1.3)
(1.9)
(2.4)
(3.0)
0.4
12.2 %

Table of Contents
Our deferred tax assets (liabilities) are as follows (in millions):
December 31,
2022

Deferred tax assets:
Loss carryforwards
Tax credit carryforwards
Share-based compensation
Accrued expenses and other liabilities
Lease liabilities
Capitalized research and development
Unrealized losses in securities and investments
Other
Total deferred tax assets
Less: valuation allowance
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

$

Deferred tax liabilities:
Depreciation and amortization
Right-of-use assets
Total deferred tax liabilities
$

Net deferred tax assets

2021

234 $
1,576
368
1,627
3,200
8,175
489
621
16,290
(2,493)
13,797

2,443
1,385
319
1,195
2,597
1,691
—
449
10,079
(1,586)
8,493

(6,296)
(2,555)
(8,851)
4,946 $

(4,425)
(2,339)
(6,764)
1,729

The valuation allowance was approximately $2.49 billion and $1.59 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily related to U.S.
state tax credit carryforwards, U.S. foreign tax credits, unrealized losses in securities and investments, and certain foreign tax attributes for which we do not
believe a tax benefit is more likely than not to be realized.
As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards were $196 million and $1.40 billion, which will begin to expire in
2035 and 2032, respectively, if not utilized. We have federal tax credit carryforwards of $276 million, which will begin to expire in 2029, if not utilized, and
state tax credit carryforwards of $3.72 billion, most of which do not expire.
Utilization of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations
provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such annual limitations could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards before their utilization. The events that may cause ownership changes include, but are not limited to, a cumulative stock ownership change
of greater than 50% over a three‑year period.
The following table reflects changes in the gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions):
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Gross unrecognized tax benefits ‑ beginning of period
Increases related to prior year tax positions
Decreases related to prior year tax positions
Increases related to current year tax positions
Decreases related to settlements of prior year tax positions

$

Gross unrecognized tax benefits ‑ end of period

$

117

2021

9,807 $
210
(172)
1,166
(254)
10,757 $

2020

8,692 $
328
(86)
963
(90)
9,807 $

7,863
356
(253)
1,045
(319)
8,692

Table of Contents
These unrecognized tax benefits were primarily accrued for the uncertainties related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries, which include
licensing of intellectual property, providing services and other transactions, as well as for the uncertainties with our research tax credits. During all years
presented, we recognized interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of
income. The amount of interest and penalties accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $1.07 billion and $960 million, respectively.
If the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits of $10.76 billion as of December 31, 2022 were realized in a future period, this would result in a tax
benefit of $6.49 billion within our provision of income taxes at such time.
We are subject to taxation in the United States and various other state and foreign jurisdictions. The material jurisdictions in which we are subject to
potential examination include the United States and Ireland. We are under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for our 2014 through 2019 tax
years. Our 2020 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination by the IRS and the Irish Revenue Commissioners.
In July 2016, we received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (Notice) from the IRS related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries in conjunction
with the examination of the 2010 tax year. While the Notice applies only to the 2010 tax year, the IRS stated that it will also apply its position for tax years
subsequent to 2010 and has done so in years covered by the second Notice described below. We do not agree with the position of the IRS and have filed a
petition in the Tax Court challenging the Notice. On January 15, 2020, the IRS's amendment to answer was filed stating that it planned to assert at trial an
adjustment that is higher than the adjustment stated in the Notice. The first session of the trial was completed in March 2020 and the final trial session was
completed in August 2022. We expect the Tax Court to issue an opinion in 2024. Based on the information provided, we believe that, if the IRS prevails in its
updated position, this could result in an additional federal tax liability of an estimated, aggregate amount of up to approximately $9.0 billion in excess of the
amounts in our originally filed U.S. return, plus interest and any penalties asserted.
In March 2018, we received a second Notice from the IRS in conjunction with the examination of our 2011 through 2013 tax years. The IRS applied its
position from the 2010 tax year to each of these years and also proposed new adjustments related to other transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries and
certain tax credits that we claimed. If the IRS prevails in its position for these new adjustments, this could result in an additional federal tax liability of up to
approximately $680 million in excess of the amounts in our originally filed U.S. returns, plus interest and any penalties asserted. We do not agree with the
positions of the IRS in the second Notice and have filed a petition in the Tax Court challenging the second Notice.
We have previously accrued an estimated unrecognized tax benefit consistent with the guidance in ASC 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740), that is lower than
the potential additional federal tax liability from the positions taken by the IRS in the two Notices and its Pretrial Memorandum. In addition, if the IRS prevails
in its positions related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries, the additional tax that we would owe would be partially offset by a reduction in the tax
that we owe under the mandatory transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings from the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As of December 31, 2022, we have not
resolved these matters and proceedings continue in the Tax Court.
We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved in accordance with ASC 740 for any adjustments to the provision for income taxes or other tax
items that may ultimately result from these examinations. The timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of any audits is highly uncertain, and it is
reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change in the next 12 months. Given the number of years remaining
that are subject to examination, we are unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits. If the tax
authorities prevail in the assessment of additional tax due, the assessed tax, interest, and penalties, if any, could have a material adverse impact on our financial
position, results of operations, and cash flows.

118

Table of Contents

Note 17. Segment and Geographical Information
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021, we report our financial results for our two reportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL).
FoA includes Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and other services. RL includes augmented and virtual reality related consumer hardware, software,
and content. Our operating segments are the same as our reportable segments.
Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision maker (CODM), who allocates resources to and assesses the performance of each operating
segment using information about the operating segment's revenue and income (loss) from operations. Our CODM does not evaluate operating segments using
asset or liability information.
Revenue and costs and expenses are generally directly attributed to our segments. These costs and expenses include certain product development related
operating expenses, costs associated with partnership arrangements, consumer hardware product costs, content costs, and legal-related costs. Indirect costs are
allocated to segments based on a reasonable allocation methodology, when such costs are significant to the performance measures of the operating segments.
Indirect cost of revenue is allocated to our segments based on usage, such as costs related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure.
Indirect operating expenses, such as facilities, information technology, certain shared research and development activities, recruiting, and physical security
expenses, are mostly allocated based on headcount.
The following table sets forth our segment information of revenue and income (loss) from operations (in millions). For comparative purposes, amounts
for the year ended December 31, 2020 have been recast:
Year Ended December 31,
2022

Revenue:
Family of Apps
Reality Labs

$

Total revenue

$

Income (loss) from operations:
Family of Apps
Reality Labs

$
$

Total income from operations

2021

114,450
2,159
116,609

$

2020

115,655
2,274
117,929

$

42,661 $
(13,717)
28,944 $

$
$

84,826
1,139
85,965

56,946 $
(10,193)
46,753 $

39,294
(6,623)
32,671

For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note 2 — Revenue.
The following table sets forth our long-lived assets by geographic area, which consist of property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use
assets (in millions):
December 31,
2022

United States
Rest of the world (1)

$
$

Total long-lived assets
_________________________

(1) No individual country, other than disclosed above, exceeded 10% of our total long-lived assets for any period presented.

119

2021

76,334
15,857
92,191

$
$

55,497
14,467
69,964

Table of Contents
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO), has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)), as
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of December 31,
2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we
are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the
assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our independent registered public
accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Changes in Internal Control
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of
the Exchange Act during the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In
addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
Item 9B. Other Information
None.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not Applicable.

120

Table of Contents

PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Conduct applicable to all officers, directors, and employees, which is available on our website
(investor.fb.com) under "Leadership & Governance." We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or
waiver from, a provision of our Code of Conduct by posting such information on the website address and location specified above.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

121

Table of Contents

PART IV
Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
We have filed the following documents as part of this Form 10-K:
1. Consolidated Financial Statements:
Page
81
85
86
87
88
89
91

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 42)
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
2. Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the
required information is otherwise included.
3. Exhibits
Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit
Number

3.1
3.2
4.1
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.5
4.6
10.1+
10.2(A)+
10.2(B)+
10.2(C)+
10.2(D)+
10.2(E)+

Exhibit Description

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
Amended and Restated Bylaws.
Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate.
Form of Class B Common Stock Certificate.
Form of "Type 1" Holder Voting Agreement, between
Registrant, Mark Zuckerberg, and certain parties
thereto.
Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2022, between Meta
Platforms, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company,
National Association, as trustee.
First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9,
2022, between Meta Platforms, Inc. and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.
Description of Registrant's Capital Stock.
Form of Indemnification Agreement.
2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.
Third Amendment to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan.
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements.
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).

Form

File No.

Exhibit

Filing Date

8-K
8-K
10-K
10-K
S-1

001-35551
001-35551
001-35551
001-35551
333-179287

3.1
3.2
4.1
4.2
4.3

October 28, 2021
October 28, 2021
February 3, 2022
February 3, 2022
February 8, 2012

8-K

001-35551

4.1

August 9, 2022

8-K

001-35551

4.2

August 9, 2022

8-K

001-35551

10.1

April 15, 2019

Filed
Herewith

X
X
X
10-Q

001-35551

10.2

July 31, 2012

10-Q

001-35551

10.1

May 4, 2017

10-Q

001-35551

10.1

July 27, 2017

122

Table of Contents

Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit
Number

10.2(F)+
10.2(G)+
10.2(H)+
10.2(I)+
10.2(J)+
10.2(K)+
10.3+
10.4+
10.5+
10.6+
10.7+
10.8+
10.9+
10.10+
10.11+
10.12+
10.13+
21.1
23.1
31.1

31.2

32.1#

Exhibit Description

2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
2012 Equity Incentive Plan forms of award
agreements (Additional Forms).
Bonus Plan, effective January 1, 2022.
Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated January
27, 2012, between Registrant and Mark Zuckerberg.
Offer Letter, dated November 15, 2022, between
Registrant and David M. Wehner.
Offer Letter, dated June 5, 2020, between Registrant
and Christopher K. Cox.
Amended and Restated Offer Letter, dated September
14, 2021, between Registrant and Marne L. Levine.
Offer Letter, dated December 22, 2022, between
Registrant and Javier Olivan.
Form of Executive Officer Offer Letter.
Executive Sales Incentive Plan.
Director Compensation Policy, as amended.
Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee
Directors.
Indemnification Agreement Relating to Subsidiary
Operations, dated March 14, 2021, between
Registrant and Mark Zuckerberg.
List of Subsidiaries.
Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm.
Certification of Mark Zuckerberg, Chief Executive
Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002.
Certification of Susan Li, Chief Financial Officer,
pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.
Certification of Mark Zuckerberg, Chief Executive
Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002.

Form

File No.

Exhibit

Filing Date

10-Q

001-35551

10.2

April 26, 2018

10-K

001-35551

10.3(G)

January 31, 2019

10-Q

001-35551

10.2

April 25, 2019

10-Q

001-35551

10.2

April 30, 2020

10-Q

001-35551

10.2

July 29, 2021

10-Q

001-35551

10.3

April 28, 2022

10-K
S-1

001-35551
333-179287

10.3
10.6

February 3, 2022
February 8, 2012

Filed
Herewith

X
10-Q

001-35551

10.1

April 29, 2021

10-Q

001-35551

10.2

April 28, 2022
X

10-Q
10-Q
10-Q

001-35551
001-35551
001-35551

10.3
10.4
10.1

July 25, 2019
July 25, 2019
July 29, 2021
X

10-Q

001-35551

10.2

April 29, 2021
X
X
X

X

X

123

Table of Contents

Exhibit

Incorporated by Reference

Number

32.2#

101.INS

101.SCH
101.CAL
101.DEF
101.LAB
101.PRE
104

Exhibit Description

Form

Certification of Susan Li, Chief Financial Officer,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.
Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance
document does not appear in the Interactive Data File
because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
Inline XBRL document).
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
Document.
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
Linkbase Document.
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
Linkbase Document.
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase
Document.
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase Document.
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline
XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

File No.

Exhibit

Filing Date

Filed
Herewith

X

X

X
X
X
X
X
X

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.
# This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act.
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
None.

124

Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form
10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Menlo Park, State of California, on this 1st day of February 2023.
META PLATFORMS, INC.
Date:

February 1, 2023

/s/ Susan Li
Susan Li
Chief Financial Officer

125

Table of Contents
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Susan Li and Katherine R.
Kelly, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or
her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each
of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all
intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Mark Zuckerberg

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

February 1, 2023

Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

February 1, 2023

Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)

February 1, 2023

Susan J.S. Taylor

/s/ Peggy Alford

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Director

February 1, 2023

Mark Zuckerberg

/s/ Susan Li
Susan Li

/S/ Susan J.S. Taylor

Peggy Alford

/s/ Marc L. Andreessen
Marc L. Andreessen

/s/ Andrew W. Houston
Andrew W. Houston

/s/ Nancy Killefer
Nancy Killefer

/s/ Robert M. Kimmitt
Robert M. Kimmitt

/s/ Sheryl K. Sandberg
Sheryl K. Sandberg

/s/ Tracey T. Travis
Tracey T. Travis

/s/ Tony Xu
Tony Xu

126

EXHIBIT 4.6
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK
The following description of capital stock of Meta Platforms, Inc. (the “company,” “we,” “us” and “our”) summarizes certain provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws. The description is intended as a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our authorized capital stock consists of 9,241,000,000 shares, consisting of: (i) 5,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.000006 par value per
share; (ii) 4,141,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.000006 par value per share; and (iii) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.000006 par value
per share.
Common Stock
Dividend Rights
Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are
entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and only then at the times
and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine.
Voting Rights
The holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share, and holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share.
The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by law. Delaware law could
require either holders of our Class A common stock or our Class B common stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances:
• if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized number of shares of a class of stock, or to
increase or decrease the par value of a class of stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and
• if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special
rights of a class of stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed
amendment.
Stockholders do not have the ability to cumulate votes for the election of directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws provide for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of approximately equal size, each serving staggered three-year terms,
when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock. Our directors will be
assigned by the then-current board of directors to a class when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the
combined voting power of common stock.
No Preemptive or Similar Rights
Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions.
Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

1

Upon our dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders
of our common stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if
any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock.
Conversion
The outstanding shares of Class B common stock are convertible at any time as follows: (1) at the option of the holder, a share of Class B common stock
may be converted at any time into one share of Class A common stock or (2) upon the election of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of
Class B common stock, all outstanding shares of Class B common stock may be converted into shares of Class A common stock. In addition, each share of
Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain
transfers described in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including transfers to family members, trusts solely for the benefit of the
stockholder or their family members, and partnerships, corporations, and other entities exclusively owned by the stockholder or their family members. Once
converted or transferred and converted into Class A common stock, the Class B common stock will not be reissued.
Preferred Stock
Subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, our board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time
to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its
qualifications, limitations or restrictions. Our board of directors also can increase or decrease the number of shares of any series, but not below the number of
shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred
stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of
preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company.
Voting Agreement
Our CEO is a party to a voting agreement with Dustin Moskovitz and certain of his affiliates.
The stockholders party to this agreement have agreed to vote all of their shares as directed by, and granted an irrevocable proxy to, Mr. Zuckerberg at his
discretion on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. Until the earlier of Mr. Zuckerberg’s death or consent to waive or terminate the voting agreement,
the shares of our common stock will remain subject the provisions of this voting agreement regardless of any sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, or other
disposition of the shares.
We do not believe that the parties to this voting agreement constitute a “group” under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, as Mr. Zuckerberg exercises voting
control over the shares held by these stockholders.
Anti-Takeover Provisions
So long as the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, Mark Zuckerberg
will effectively control all matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote, as well as the overall management and direction of our company, which will have
the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company.
After such time as the shares of our Class B common stock no longer represent a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, the
provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying,
deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company.

2

Delaware Law
A Delaware corporation may “opt out” of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its
certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders’ amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have
expressly elected not to be governed by the business combination provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of
deterring hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in control of our company, even after such time as the shares of our Class B common stock no
longer represent a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock, including the following:
• Separate Class B Vote for Certain Transactions. Any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company requires the approval of a
majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class until such time as shares of our Class B common stock represent less than
thirty-five percent (35%) of the combined voting power of our common stock. This provision could delay or prevent the approval of a change in control
that might otherwise be approved by a majority of outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock voting together on a combined basis.
• Dual Class Stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure, which provides Mark
Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if he owns
significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, including the election of directors and significant
corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets.
• Supermajority Approvals. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide that certain
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws by stockholders will require the approval of twothirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock. However, when the outstanding shares of our Class B
common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws by stockholders will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding
shares of Class A and Class B common stock. This will have the effect of making it more difficult to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or amended and restated bylaws to remove or modify certain provisions.
• Board of Directors Vacancies. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that stockholders may
fill vacant directorships. When the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of
common stock, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws authorize only our board of directors to fill vacant
directorships. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors is set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire
board of directors. These provisions restricting the filling of vacancies will prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and
gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees.
• Classified Board. Our board of directors is not classified. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws
provide that when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock, our
board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors each of which will hold office for a three-year term. In addition, thereafter, directors may
only be removed from the board of directors for cause. The existence of a classified board could delay a successful tender offeror from obtaining majority
control of our board of directors, and the prospect of that delay might deter a potential offeror.

3

• Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders will be able to
take action by written consent. When the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of
common stock, our stockholders will no longer be able to take action by written consent, and will only be able to take action at annual or special meetings
of our stockholders. Stockholders will not be permitted to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. Our amended and restated bylaws further
provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors, our
chief executive officer or our president.
• Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations. Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice
procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at any
meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice.
These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for
directors at our meetings of stockholders.
• Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to
100,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of
directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an
attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise.
Choice of Forum
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant
to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or any action asserting a
claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
Listing
Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “META.”
Transfer Agent and Registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A.

4

EXHIBIT 10.2(A)
META PLATFORMS, INC.
2012 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
(as amended and restated on June 20, 2016 and amended on February 13, 2018)
1.
PURPOSE. The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential
contributions are important to the success of the Company, and any Parents, Subsidiaries and Affiliates that exist now or in the future, by offering them an
opportunity to participate in the Company’s future performance through the grant of Awards. Capitalized terms not defined elsewhere in the text are defined in
Section 27.
2.

SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN.

2.1
Number of Shares Available. Subject to Sections 2.6 and 21 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total number of Shares
reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of the date of adoption of the Plan by the Board, is 25,000,000 Shares, plus (i) any
reserved shares not issued or subject to outstanding grants under the Company’s 2005 Stock Plan (the “Prior Plan”) on the Effective Date, (ii) shares that are
subject to stock options or other awards granted under the Prior Plan that cease to be subject to such stock options or other awards by forfeiture or otherwise
after the Effective Date, (iii) shares issued under the Prior Plan before or after the Effective Date pursuant to the exercise of stock options that are, after the
Effective Date, forfeited, (iv) shares issued under the Prior Plan that are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price, and (v) shares that are subject
to stock options or other awards under the Prior Plan that are used or withheld to pay the exercise price of an option or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations
related to any award. Substitute Awards may be granted under the Plan and any such grants shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan.
2.2
Lapsed, Returned Awards. Shares subject to Awards, and Shares issued under the Plan under any Award, will again be available for
grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards of Common Stock under this Plan to the extent such Shares: (a) are subject to issuance upon exercise
of an Option or SAR granted under this Plan but which cease to be subject to the Option or SAR for any reason other than exercise of the Option or SAR; (b)
are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that are forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price; (c) are subject to Awards granted
under this Plan that otherwise terminate without such Shares being issued; or (d) are surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program. To the extent an Award
under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.
Shares used or withheld to pay the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will become available for future
grant or sale under the Plan.
2.3
Minimum Share Reserve. At all times the Company shall reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares as shall be
required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Awards granted under this Plan.
2.4
Automatic Share Reserve Increase. The number of Shares available for grant and issuance under the Plan shall be increased on
January 1, of each of the ten (10) calendar years during the term of the Plan following April 22, 2016, by the lesser of (i) two and one half percent (2.5%) of the
number of Shares issued and outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase or (ii) such number of Shares determined by the
Board.
2.5

Limitations. No more than 120,000,000 Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs.

2.6
Adjustment of Shares. If the number of outstanding Shares is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock
split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without consideration, then (a) the number of Shares
reserved for issuance

1

and future grant under the Plan set forth in Section 2.1, (b) the Exercise Prices of and number of Shares subject to outstanding Options and SARs, (c) the
number of Shares subject to other outstanding Awards, (d) the maximum number of shares that may be issued as ISOs set forth in Section 2.5, (e) the maximum
number of Shares that may be issued to an individual or to a new Employee in any one calendar year set forth in Section 3 and (f) the number of Shares that are
granted as Awards to Non-Employee Directors as set forth in Section 12, shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the Board or the
stockholders of the Company and in compliance with applicable securities laws; provided that fractions of a Share will not be issued.
3.
ELIGIBILITY. ISOs may be granted only to Employees. All other Awards may be granted to Employees, Consultants and Non-Employee
Directors; provided such Consultants and Non-Employee Directors render bona fide services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capitalraising transaction. No Participant will be eligible to receive more than 2,500,000 Shares in any calendar year under this Plan pursuant to the grant of Awards
except that new Employees of the Company or of a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate (including new Employees who are also officers and directors of the
Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) are eligible to receive up to a maximum of 5,000,000 Shares in the calendar year in which they commence
their employment.
4.

ADMINISTRATION.

4.1
Committee Composition; Authority. This Plan will be administered by the Committee or by the Board acting as the Committee.
Subject to the general purposes, terms and conditions of this Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full power to implement and carry
out this Plan, except, however, the Board shall establish the terms for the grant of an Award to Non-Employee Directors. The Committee will have the authority
to:
(a)

construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement and any other agreement or document executed pursuant to this

(b)

prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan or any Award;

(c)

select persons to receive Awards;

Plan;

(d)
determine the form and terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder.
Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may vest and be exercised (which may be based on
performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating
thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee will determine;
(e)

determine the number of Shares or other consideration subject to Awards;

(f)
determine the Fair Market Value in good faith and interpret the applicable provisions of this Plan and the definition of Fair
Market Value in connection with circumstances that impact the Fair Market Value, if necessary;
(g)

determine the date of termination of a Participant’s employment or services;

(h)
determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as alternatives
to, other Awards under this Plan or any other incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate;
(i)

grant waivers of Plan or Award conditions;

(j)

determine the vesting, exercisability and payment of Awards;

2

(k)

correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement;

(l)

determine whether an Award has been earned;

(m)

determine the terms and conditions of any, and to institute any Exchange Program;

(n)

reduce or waive any criteria with respect to Performance Factors;

(o)
adjust Performance Factors to take into account changes in law and accounting or tax rules as the Committee deems
necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships provided that such
adjustments are consistent with the regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to persons whose compensation is subject to
Section 162(m) of the Code;
(p)
adopt rules and/or procedures (including the adoption of any subplan under this Plan) relating to the operation and
administration of the Plan to accommodate requirements of local law and procedures outside of the United States;
(q)

make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan; and

(r)

delegate any of the foregoing to a subcommittee consisting of one or more executive officers pursuant to a specific

delegation.
4.2
Committee Interpretation and Discretion. Any determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award shall be made in its
sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, and such determination
shall be final and binding on the Company and all persons having an interest in any Award under the Plan. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of the Plan
or any Award Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee
shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers the authority to review and
resolve disputes with respect to Awards held by Participants who are not Insiders, and such resolution shall be final and binding on the Company and the
Participant.
4.3
Section 162(m) of the Code and Section 16 of the Exchange Act. When necessary or desirable for an Award to qualify as
“performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code the Committee shall include at least two persons who are “outside directors” (as defined
under Section 162(m) of the Code) and at least two (or a majority if more than two then serve on the Committee) such “outside directors” shall approve the
grant of such Award and timely determine (as applicable) the Performance Period and any Performance Factors upon which vesting or settlement of any portion
of such Award is to be subject. When required by Section 162(m) of the Code, prior to settlement of any such Award at least two (or a majority if more than two
then serve on the Committee) such “outside directors” then serving on the Committee shall determine and certify in writing the extent to which such
Performance Factors have been timely achieved and the extent to which the Shares subject to such Award have thereby been earned. Awards granted to
Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more “non-employee directors” (as defined in the regulations
promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). With respect to Participants whose compensation is subject to Section 162(m) of the Code, and provided
that such adjustments are consistent with the regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee may adjust the performance goals to
account for changes in law and accounting and to make such adjustments as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of
extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships, including without limitation (i) restructurings, discontinued operations,
other extraordinary items, and other unusual or non-recurring charges, (ii) an event either not directly related to the operations of the Company or not within the
reasonable control of the Company’s management, or (iii) a change in accounting standards required by generally accepted accounting principles.

3

4.4
Documentation. The Award Agreement for a given Award, the Plan and any other documents may be delivered to, and accepted by, a
Participant or any other person in any manner (including electronic distribution or posting) that meets applicable legal requirements.
4.5
Foreign Award Recipients. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other
countries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards or to facilitate the offering
and administration of the Plan in such other countries, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (i) determine which
Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall be covered by the Plan; (ii) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii)
modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to or held by individuals outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws or facilitate
the offering and administration of the Plan in view of such foreign laws; (iv) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and
procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable; provided, however, that no such subplans and/or modifications
shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 2 hereof; and (v) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to
be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply or facilitate compliance with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any
other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law.
5.
OPTIONS. The Committee may grant Options to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Non-Employee Directors and will determine whether
such Options will be Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of the Code (“ISOs”) or Nonqualified Stock Options (“NQSOs”), the number of Shares
subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period during which the Option may vest and be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the
Option, subject to the following:
5.1
Option Grant. Each Option granted under this Plan will identify the Option as an ISO or an NQSO. An Option may be, but need not
be, awarded upon satisfaction of such Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant’s individual Award
Agreement. If the Option is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting
date of any Performance Period for each Option; and (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any.
Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Options that are subject to different performance goals and
other criteria.
5.2
Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option will be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such
Option, or a specified future date. The Award Agreement and a copy of this Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable time after the granting
of the Option.
5.3
Exercise Period. Options may be vested and exercisable within the times or upon the conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement
governing such Option; provided, however, that no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the Option is granted; and
provided further that no ISO granted to a person who, at the time the ISO is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate (“Ten Percent Stockholder”) will be exercisable after
the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee also may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from time
to time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or percentage of Shares as the Committee determines.
5.4
Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of an Option will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted; provided that: (i)
the Exercise Price of an Option will be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant and (ii) the
Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on
the date of grant. Payment for the Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 11 and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any
procedures established by the Company.
5.5
Method of Exercise. Any Option granted hereunder will be vested and exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such
times and under such conditions as determined by the Committee and

4

set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives:
(i) notice of exercise (in such form as the Committee may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for
the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and
method of payment authorized by the Committee and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued
in the name of the Participant. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer
agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the
exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a
dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 2.6 of the Plan. Exercising an Option in
any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to
which the Option is exercised.
5.6

Termination. The exercise of an Option will be subject to the following (except as may be otherwise provided in an Award

Agreement):
(a)
If the Participant is Terminated for any reason except for Cause or the Participant’s death or Disability, then the Participant
may exercise such Participant’s Options only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the Termination Date no later
than ninety (90) days after the Termination Date (or such shorter time period or longer time period not exceeding five (5) years as may be determined by the
Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the Termination Date deemed to be the exercise of an NQSO), but in any event no later than the
expiration date of the Options.
(b)
If the Participant is Terminated because of the Participant’s death (or the Participant dies within ninety (90) days after a
Termination other than for Cause or because of the Participant’s Disability), then the Participant’s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such
Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the Termination Date and must be exercised by the Participant’s legal representative, or authorized
assignee, no later than twelve (12) months after the Termination Date (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period not
exceeding five (5) years as may be determined by the Committee), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options.
(c)
If the Participant is Terminated because of the Participant’s Disability, then the Participant’s Options may be exercised only
to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the Termination Date and must be exercised by the Participant (or the
Participant’s legal representative or authorized assignee) no later than six (6) months after the Termination Date (with any exercise beyond (a) three (3) months
after the Termination Date when the Termination is for a Disability that is not a “permanent and total disability” as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or
(b) twelve (12) months after the Termination Date when the Termination is for a Disability that is a “permanent and total disability” as defined in Section 22(e)
(3) of the Code, deemed to be exercise of an NQSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options.
(d)
If the Participant is terminated for Cause, then Participant’s Options shall expire on such Participant’s Termination Date, or
at such later time and on such conditions as are determined by the Committee, but in any no event later than the expiration date of the Options. Unless
otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, Cause will have the meaning set forth in the Plan.
5.7
Limitations on Exercise. The Committee may specify a minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of an
Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent any Participant from exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for which it is then
exercisable.
5.8
Limitations on ISOs. With respect to Awards granted as ISOs, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with
respect to which such ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent,
Subsidiary or Affiliate) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such Options will be treated as NQSOs. For purposes of this Section 5.8, ISOs will
be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the

5

Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder
are amended after the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit will
be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted after the effective date of such amendment.
5.9
Modification, Extension or Renewal. The Committee may modify, extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of
new Options in substitution therefor, provided that any such action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair any of such Participant’s rights
under any Option previously granted. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section
424(h) of the Code. Subject to Section 18 of this Plan, by written notice to affected Participants, the Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding
Options without the consent of such Participants; provided, however, that the Exercise Price may not be reduced below the Fair Market Value on the date the
action is taken to reduce the Exercise Price.
5.10
No Disqualification. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be interpreted,
amended or altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under Section 422 of the Code or,
without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify any ISO under Section 422 of the Code.
6.

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS.

6.1
Awards of Restricted Stock. A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the Company to sell to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or
Non-Employee Director a number of Shares that are subject to restrictions (“Restricted Stock”). The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be made,
the number of Shares the Participant may purchase, the Purchase Price, the restrictions under which the Shares will be subject and all other terms and
conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the Plan.
6.2
Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement. All purchases under a Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement.
Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant accepts a Restricted Stock Award by signing and delivering to the Company an
Award Agreement with full payment of the Purchase Price, within thirty (30) days from the date the Award Agreement was delivered to the Participant. If the
Participant does not accept such Award within thirty (30) days, then the offer of such Restricted Stock Award will terminate, unless the Committee determines
otherwise.
6.3
Purchase Price. The Purchase Price for a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and may be less than Fair
Market Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is granted. Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in accordance with Section 11 of the Plan, and
the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company.
6.4
Terms of Restricted Stock Awards. Restricted Stock Awards will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose or are
required by law. These restrictions may be based on completion of a specified number of years of service with the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or
Affiliate or upon completion of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant’s Award Agreement. Prior
to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee shall: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the Restricted
Stock Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals, if any; and (c) determine the number of Shares that may
be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that
are subject to different Performance Periods and having different performance goals and other criteria.
6.5
Termination. Except as may be set forth in the Participant’s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant’s Termination Date
(unless determined otherwise by the Committee).

6

7.

STOCK BONUS AWARDS.

7.1
Awards of Stock Bonuses. A Stock Bonus Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Non-Employee Director of
Shares for services to be rendered or for past services already rendered to the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. All Stock Bonus Awards shall be
made pursuant to an Award Agreement. No payment from the Participant will be required for Shares awarded pursuant to a Stock Bonus Award.
7.2
Terms of Stock Bonus Awards. The Committee will determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant under a Stock
Bonus Award and any restrictions thereon. These restrictions may be based upon completion of a specified number of years of service with the Company or
upon satisfaction of performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant’s Stock Bonus
Agreement. Prior to the grant of any Stock Bonus Award the Committee shall: (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for
the Stock Bonus Award; (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals; and (c) determine the number of Shares that
may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonus Awards that
are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria.
7.3
Form of Payment to Participant. Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole Shares, or a combination thereof, based on the
Fair Market Value of the Shares earned under a Stock Bonus Award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.
7.4
Termination. Except as may be set forth in the Participant’s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant’s Termination Date
(unless determined otherwise by the Committee).
8.

STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS.

8.1
Awards of SARs. A Stock Appreciation Right (“SAR”) is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Non-Employee Director
that may be settled in cash or Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock), having a value equal to (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value on the
date of exercise over the Exercise Price multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is being settled (subject to any maximum
number of Shares that may be issuable as specified in an Award Agreement). All SARs shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement.
8.2
Terms of SARs. The Committee will determine the terms of each SAR including, without limitation: (a) the number of Shares
subject to the SAR; (b) the Exercise Price and the time or times during which the SAR may be settled; (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement of
the SAR; and (d) the effect of the Participant’s Termination on each SAR. The Exercise Price of the SAR will be determined by the Committee when the SAR
is granted, and may not be less than Fair Market Value. A SAR may be awarded upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance
Period as are set out in advance in the Participant’s individual Award Agreement. If the SAR is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then
the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for each SAR; and (y) select from among the Performance
Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to SARs
that are subject to different Performance Factors and other criteria.
8.3
Exercise Period and Expiration Date. A SAR will be exercisable within the times or upon the occurrence of events determined by the
Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement governing such SAR. The SAR Agreement shall set forth the expiration date; provided that no SAR will be
exercisable after the expiration of ten (10) years from the date the SAR is granted. The Committee may also provide for SARs to become exercisable at one
time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise (including, without limitation, upon the attainment during a Performance Period of performance goals
based on Performance Factors), in such number of Shares or percentage of the Shares subject to the SAR as the Committee determines. Except as may be set
forth in the Participant’s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant’s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 5.6 also will apply to SARs.

7

8.4
Form of Settlement. Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount
determined by multiplying (i) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price; times (ii) the number of
Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment from the Company for the SAR exercise may be in cash, in
Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. The portion of a SAR being settled may be paid currently or on a deferred basis with such interest
or dividend equivalent, if any, as the Committee determines, provided that the terms of the SAR and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of
the Code.
8.5
Termination. Except as may be set forth in the Participant’s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant’s Termination Date
(unless determined otherwise by the Committee).
9.

RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS.

9.1
Awards of Restricted Stock Units. A Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or NonEmployee Director covering a number of Shares that may be settled in cash, or by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock). All RSUs
shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement.
9.2
Terms of RSUs. The Committee will determine the terms of an RSU including, without limitation: (a) the number of Shares subject
to the RSU; (b) the time or times during which the RSU may be settled; (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement; and (d) the effect of the
Participant’s Termination on each RSU. An RSU may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on Performance Factors during any
Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant’s Award Agreement. If the RSU is being earned upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, then
the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the RSU; (y) select from among the Performance Factors
to be used to measure the performance, if any; and (z) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the RSU. Performance Periods may overlap and
participants may participate simultaneously with respect to RSUs that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other
criteria.
9.3
Form and Timing of Settlement. Payment of earned RSUs shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the
Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. The
Committee may also permit a Participant to defer payment under a RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned provided that the terms of the RSU and any
deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code.
9.4
Termination. Except as may be set forth in the Participant’s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant’s Termination Date
(unless determined otherwise by the Committee).
10.

PERFORMANCE AWARDS.

10.1
Performance Awards. A Performance Award is an award to an eligible Employee, Consultant, or Non-Employee Director a cash
bonus or a Performance Share bonus. Grants of Performance Awards shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement.
10.2
Terms of Performance Awards. The Committee will determine, and each Award Agreement shall set forth, the terms of each award
of Performance Award including, without limitation: (a) the amount of any cash bonus; (b) the number of Shares deemed subject to a Performance Share bonus;
(c) the Performance Factors and Performance Period that shall determine the time and extent to which each Performance Award shall be settled; (d) the
consideration to be distributed on settlement; and (e) the effect of the Participant’s Termination on each Performance Award. In establishing Performance
Factors and the Performance Period the Committee will: (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period; and (y) select from
among the Performance Factors to be used. Prior to settlement the Committee shall determine the extent to which Performance Awards have been earned.
Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Performance Awards that are subject to different
Performance Periods and different

8

performance goals and other criteria. No Participant will be eligible to receive more than $10,000,000 in Performance Awards in any calendar year under this
Plan.
10.3
Value, Earning and Timing of Performance Shares. Any Performance Share bonus will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market
Value of a Share on the date of grant. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of a Performance Share bonus will be entitled to receive a
payout of the number of Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding
Performance Factors or other vesting provisions have been achieved. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may pay an earned Performance Share bonus in the
form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Shares at the close of the applicable
Performance Period) or in a combination thereof. Performance Share bonuses may also be settled in Restricted Stock.
10.4
Termination. Except as may be set forth in the Participant’s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant’s Termination Date
(unless determined otherwise by the Committee).
11.

PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES.

Payment from a Participant for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan may be made in cash or by check or, where expressly approved for the
Participant by the Committee and where permitted by law (and to the extent not otherwise set forth in the applicable Award Agreement):
(a)

by cancellation of indebtedness of the Company to the Participant;

(b)
by surrender of shares of the Company held by the Participant that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal
to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award will be exercised or settled;
(c)
Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate;

by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or a

(d)
by consideration received by the Company pursuant to a broker-assisted or other form of cashless exercise program
implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan;

12.

(e)

by any combination of the foregoing; or

(f)

by any other method of payment as is permitted by applicable law.

GRANTS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS.

12.1.
Types of Awards. Non-Employee Directors are eligible to receive any type of Award offered under this Plan except ISOs. Awards
pursuant to this Section 12 may be automatically made pursuant to policy adopted by the Board, or made from time to time as determined in the discretion of
the Board.
12.2.
Eligibility. Awards pursuant to this Section 12 shall be granted only to Non-Employee Directors. A Non-Employee Director who is
elected or re-elected as a member of the Board will be eligible to receive an Award under this Section 12.
12.3.
Vesting, Exercisability and Settlement. Except as set forth in Section 21, Awards shall vest, become exercisable and be settled as
determined by the Board. With respect to Options and SARs, the exercise price granted to Non-Employee Directors shall not be less than the Fair Market Value
of the Shares at the time that such Option or SAR is granted.
12.4.
Election to receive Awards in Lieu of Cash. A Non-Employee Director may elect to receive his or her annual retainer payments
and/or meeting fees from the Company in the form of cash or Awards or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. Such Awards shall be issued
under the Plan. An election under this Section 12.4 shall be filed with the Company on the form prescribed by the Company.

9

13.

WITHHOLDING TAXES.

13.1
Withholding Generally. Whenever Shares are to be issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan, the Company may
require the Participant to remit to the Company, or to the Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing the Participant, an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable
U.S. federal, state, local and international withholding tax requirements or any other tax liability legally due from the Participant prior to the delivery of Shares
pursuant to exercise or settlement of any Award. Whenever payments in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan are to be made in cash, such payment
will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable U.S. federal, state, local and international withholding tax requirements or any other tax liability legally
due from the Participant. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld as required by
applicable tax rules or as of a date determined by the Committee in its discretion, where permitted by applicable law.
13.2
Stock Withholding. The Committee, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time and to
limitations of local law, may require or permit a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation or any other tax liability legally due from the Participant,
in whole or in part by (without limitation) (i) paying cash, (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair
Market Value up to the maximum statutory amount required to be withheld unless a lesser amount of withholding is required to avoid adverse accounting
treatment, or (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value up to the maximum amount required to be withheld unless a
lesser amount of withholding is required to avoid adverse accounting treatment.
14.

TRANSFERABILITY.

14.1
Transfer Generally. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee or pursuant to Section 14.2, an Award may not be sold, pledged,
assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. If the Committee makes an Award
transferable, including, without limitation, by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the Awards are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the
death of the trustor (settlor) or by gift to a Permitted Transferee, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Committee deems
appropriate. All Awards shall be exercisable: (i) during the Participant’s lifetime only by (A) the Participant, or (B) the Participant’s guardian or legal
representative; (ii) after the Participant’s death, by the legal representative of the Participant’s heirs or legatees; and (iii) in the case of all awards except ISOs,
by a Permitted Transferee.
14.2
Award Transfer Program. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee shall have all discretion and authority
to determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program instituted pursuant to this Section 14.2 and shall have the authority to
amend the terms of any Award participating, or otherwise eligible to participate in, the Award Transfer Program, including (but not limited to) the authority to
(i) amend (including to extend) the expiration date, post-termination exercise period and/or forfeiture conditions of any such Award, (ii) amend or remove any
provisions of the Award relating to the Award holder’s continued service to the Company or its Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, (iii) amend the permissible
payment methods with respect to the exercise or purchase of any such Award, (iv) amend the adjustments to be implemented in the event of changes in the
capitalization and other similar events with respect to such Award, and (v) make such other changes to the terms of such Award as the Committee deems
necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion.
15.

PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP; RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES.

15.1
Voting and Dividends. No Participant will have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are
issued to the Participant, except for any rights permitted by an applicable Award Agreement. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant will be a
stockholder and have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other distributions made
or paid with respect to such Shares; provided, that if such Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities the Participant may
become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the
Company will be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock; provided, further, that the Participant will have no right to

10

retain such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Shares that are repurchased at the Participant’s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case
may be, pursuant to Section 15.2.
15.2
Restrictions on Shares. At the discretion of the Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and/or its assignee(s) a right to
repurchase (a “Right of Repurchase”) a portion of any or all Unvested Shares held by a Participant following such Participant’s Termination at any time within
ninety (90) days after the later of the Participant’s Termination Date and the date the Participant purchases Shares under this Plan, for cash and/or cancellation
of purchase money indebtedness, at the Participant’s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be.
16.
CERTIFICATES. All Shares or other securities whether or not certificated, delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer
orders, legends and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, including restrictions under any applicable U.S. federal, state or
foreign securities law, or any rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares
may be listed or quoted and any non-U.S. exchange controls or securities law restrictions to which the Shares are subject.
17.
ESCROW; PLEDGE OF SHARES. To enforce any restrictions on a Participant’s Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to
deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed in
blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and the Committee may
cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to execute a promissory note as partial
or full consideration for the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so purchased
as collateral to secure the payment of the Participant’s obligation to the Company under the promissory note; provided, however, that the Committee may
require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the payment of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse against
the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of the Participant’s Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of the
Shares, the Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time approve. The
Shares purchased with the promissory note may be released from the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note is paid.
18.
REPRICING; EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS. Without prior stockholder approval the Committee may (i) reprice Options or
SARS (and where such repricing is a reduction in the Exercise Price of outstanding Options or SARS, the consent of the affected Participants is not required
provided written notice is provided to them, notwithstanding any adverse tax consequences to them arising from the repricing), and (ii) with the consent of the
respective Participants (unless not required pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Plan), pay cash or issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of
any, or all, outstanding Awards.
19.
SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE. An Award will not be effective unless such Award is in compliance
with all applicable U.S. and foreign federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations of any governmental body, and the requirements of any stock
exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on
the date of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates for
Shares under this Plan prior to: (a) obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or advisable; and/or (b)
completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal or foreign law or ruling of any governmental body that the
Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance with
the registration, qualification or listing requirements of any foreign or state securities laws, stock exchange or automated quotation system, and the Company
will have no liability for any inability or failure to do so.
20.
NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY. Nothing in this Plan or any Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any
Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate or limit in any
way the right of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate Participant’s employment or other relationship at any time.

11

21.

CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS.

21.1
Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor. In the event of a Corporate Transaction any or all outstanding Awards may be
assumed or replaced by the successor corporation, which assumption or replacement shall be binding on all Participants. In the alternative, the successor
corporation may substitute equivalent Awards or provide substantially similar consideration to Participants as was provided to stockholders (after taking into
account the existing provisions of the Awards). The successor corporation may also issue, in place of outstanding Shares of the Company held by the
Participant, substantially similar shares or other property subject to repurchase restrictions no less favorable to the Participant. In the event such successor or
acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, then
notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan to the contrary, such Awards shall have their vesting accelerate as to all shares subject to such Award (and any
applicable right of repurchase fully lapse) immediately prior to the Corporate Transaction unless otherwise determined by the Board and then such Awards will
terminate. In addition, in the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided above,
pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, the Committee will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that such Award will be exercisable for a period of
time determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Award will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Awards need not be treated
similarly in a Corporate Transaction.
21.2
Assumption of Awards by the Company. The Company, from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards
granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either; (a) granting an Award under this Plan in
substitution of such other company’s award; or (b) assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms of such assumed award could be
applied to an Award granted under this Plan. Such substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have
been eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan if the other company had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the event the Company assumes an
award granted by another company, the terms and conditions of such award will remain unchanged (except that the Purchase Price or the Exercise Price, as the
case may be, and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise or settlement of any such Award will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section
424(a) of the Code). In the event the Company elects to grant a new Option in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such new Option may be
granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price.
21.3
Non-Employee Directors’ Awards. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, the
vesting of all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors shall accelerate and such Awards shall become exercisable (as applicable) in full prior to the
consummation of such event at such times and on such conditions as the Committee determines.
22.
ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. This Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company’s stockholders,
consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months before or after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board.
23.
TERM OF PLAN/GOVERNING LAW. Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date
and will terminate ten (10) years from April 22, 2016. This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Delaware.
24.
AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN. The Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including,
without limitation, amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be executed pursuant to this Plan; provided, however, that the Board will not,
without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, amend this Plan in any manner that requires such stockholder approval; provided further, that a
Participant’s Award shall be governed by the version of this Plan then in effect at the time such Award was granted.
25.
NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN. Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the
Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional
compensation arrangements

12

as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock awards and bonuses otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may
be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.
26.
INSIDER TRADING POLICY. Each Participant who receives an Award shall comply with any policy adopted by the Company from time
to time covering transactions in the Company’s securities by Employees, officers and/or Directors of the Company.
27.

DEFINITIONS. As used in this Plan, and except as elsewhere defined herein, the following terms will have the following meanings:

“Affiliate” means any entity other than a Parent or Subsidiary that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by, controls or is under common control with,
the Company or in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Board; provided, however, that the definition of
Affiliate shall be limited to entities that are eligible issuers of service recipient stock (as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E), or applicable
successor regulation) for Awards that would otherwise be subject to Section 409A, unless the Committee determines otherwise.
“Award” means any award granted pursuant to the provisions of the Plan, including any Option, Restricted Stock, Stock Bonus, Stock Appreciation
Right, Restricted Stock Unit or award of Performance Shares.
“Award Agreement” means, with respect to each Award, the written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the
terms and conditions of the Award, which shall be in substantially a form (which need not be the same for each Participant) that the Committee has from time
to time approved, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan.
“Award Transfer Program” means any program instituted by the Committee which would permit Participants the opportunity to transfer any
outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity approved by the Committee.
“Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
“Cause” means (i) Participant’s willful failure substantially to perform his or her duties and responsibilities to the Company or deliberate violation of
a Company policy; (ii) Participant’s commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty or any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably
expected to result in material injury to the Company; (iii) unauthorized use or disclosure by Participant of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the
Company or any other party to whom the Participant owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company; or (iv)
Participant’s willful breach of any of his or her obligations under any written agreement or covenant with the Company. The determination as to whether a
Participant is being terminated for Cause shall be made in good faith by the Company and shall be final and binding on the Participant. The foregoing
definition does not in any way limit the Company’s ability to terminate a Participant’s employment or consulting relationship at any time as provided in Section
20 above, and the term “Company” will be interpreted to include any Subsidiary or Parent, as appropriate.
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
“Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board or those persons to whom administration of the Plan, or part of the Plan, has been
delegated as permitted by law.
“Common Stock” means the Class A Common Stock of the Company.
“Company” means Meta Platforms, Inc., or any successor corporation.
“Consultant” means any individual, including an advisor or independent contractor, engaged by the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate to
render services to such entity other than as an Employee or Non-Employee Director.

13

“Corporate Transaction” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any “person” (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
the Exchange Act) becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company
representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power represented by the Company’s then-outstanding voting securities; (ii) the consummation of
the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets; (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior
thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty
percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after
such merger or consolidation or (iv) any other transaction which qualifies as a “corporate transaction” under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the
stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the
outstanding shares of the Company).
“Director” means a member of the Board.
“Disability” means in the case of incentive stock options, total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and in the case of
other Awards, that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment
that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months.
“Effective Date” means the day immediately prior to the date of the underwritten initial public offering of the Company’s Common Stock pursuant to
a registration statement that is declared effective by the SEC.
“Employee” means any individual, including officers and directors, employed by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. Neither service
as a Director nor payment of a Director’s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company.
“Exchange Act” means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
“Exchange Program” means a program pursuant to which outstanding Awards are surrendered, cancelled or exchanged for cash, the same type of
Award or a different Award (or combination thereof).
“Exercise Price” means, with respect to an Option, the price at which a holder may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of an Option and with
respect to a SAR, the price at which the SAR is granted to the holder thereof.
“Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the value of a share of the Company’s Common Stock determined as follows:
(a)
if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on a national securities exchange, the closing price on the date
of determination on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as officially quoted in the composite
tape of transactions on such exchange or such other source as the Committee deems reliable for the applicable date;
(b)
if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the
average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems
reliable;
(c)
in the case of an Option or SAR grant made on the Effective Date, the price per share at which shares of the Company’s
Common Stock are initially offered for sale to the public by the Company’s underwriters in the initial public offering of the Company’s Common Stock
pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC under the Securities Act; or
(d)

by the Board or the Committee in good faith.

14

“Insider” means an officer or Director of the Company or any other person whose transactions in the Company’s Common Stock are subject to
Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
“Non-Employee Director” means a Director who is not an Employee of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.
“Option” means an award of an option to purchase Shares pursuant to Section 5.
“Parent” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of such
corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the
other corporations in such chain.
“Participant” means a person who holds an Award under this Plan.
“Performance Award” means cash or stock granted pursuant to Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan.
“Performance Factors” means any of the factors selected by the Committee and specified in an Award Agreement, from among the following
objective measures, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to the Company as a whole or any business unit or Subsidiary or Affiliate,
either individually, alternatively, or in any combination, on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, and measured, to the extent applicable on an absolute basis or relative
to a pre-established target, to determine whether the performance goals established by the Committee with respect to applicable Awards have been satisfied:

15

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)
(i)
(j)
(k)
(l)
(m)
(n)
(o)
(p)
(q)
(r)
(s)
(t)
(u)
(v)
(w)
(x)
(y)
(z)
(aa)
(bb)
(cc)
(dd)
(ee)
(ff)
(gg)
(hh)
(ii)
(jj)
(kk)
(ll)

Profit Before Tax;
Billings;
Revenue;
Net revenue;
Earnings (which may include earnings before interest and taxes,
earnings before taxes, and net earnings);
Operating income;
Operating margin;
Operating profit;
Controllable operating profit, or net operating profit;
Net Profit;
Gross margin;
Operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue;
Net income;
Earnings per share;
Total stockholder return;
Market share;
Return on assets or net assets;
The Company’s stock price;
Growth in stockholder value relative to a pre-determined index;
Return on equity;
Return on invested capital;
Cash Flow (including free cash flow or operating cash flows)
Cash conversion cycle;
Economic value added;
Individual confidential business objectives;
Contract awards or backlog;
Overhead or other expense reduction;
Credit rating;
Strategic plan development and implementation;
Succession plan development and implementation;
Improvement in workforce diversity;
Customer indicators;
New product invention or innovation;
Attainment of research and development milestones;
Improvements in productivity;
Bookings;
Attainment of objective operating goals and employee metrics; and
Any other metric that is capable of measurement as
determined by the Committee.

16

The Committee may, in recognition of unusual or non-recurring items such as acquisition-related activities or changes in applicable accounting rules,
provide for one or more equitable adjustments (based on objective standards) to the Performance Factors to preserve the Committee’s original intent regarding
the Performance Factors at the time of the initial award grant. It is within the sole discretion of the Committee to make or not make any such equitable
adjustments.
“Performance Period” means the period of service determined by the Committee, during which years of service or performance is to be measured for
the Award.
“Performance Share” means a performance share bonus granted as a Performance Award.
“Permitted Transferee” means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew,
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships) of the Employee, any person
sharing the Employee’s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons (or the Employee) have more than 50% of the beneficial
interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Employee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the
Employee) own more than 50% of the voting interests.
“Plan” means this Meta Platforms, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan.
“Purchase Price” means the price to be paid for Shares acquired under the Plan, other than Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option or SAR.
“Restricted Stock Award” means an award of Shares pursuant to Section 6 or Section 12 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an
Option.
“Restricted Stock Unit” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 9 or Section 12 of the Plan.
“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“Shares” means shares of the Company’s Common Stock and the common stock of any successor entity.
“Stock Appreciation Right” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 8 or Section 12 of the Plan.
“Stock Bonus” means an Award granted pursuant to Section 7 or Section 12 of the Plan.
“Subsidiary” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the
corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.
“Substitute Awards” shall mean Awards granted or Shares issued by the Company in assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards
previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, by a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate or with which the
Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate combines.
“Termination” or “Terminated” means, for purposes of this Plan with respect to a Participant, that the Participant has for any reason ceased to provide
services as an employee, officer, director, consultant, independent contractor or advisor to the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The Committee
will have sole discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to provide services for purposes of the Plan and the effective date on which the
Participant ceased to provide services (the “Termination Date”).
“Unvested Shares” means Shares that have not yet vested or are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company (or any successor thereto).

17

EXHIBIT 10.2(B)
THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE
META PLATFORMS, INC.
2012 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
This Third Amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Meta Platforms, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on June 20, 2016 and
amended on February 13, 2018) (as further amended from time to time, the “Plan”) is approved and adopted to be effective as of March 1, 2023 (the
“Amendment Effective Date”).
RECITALS
A. Section 24 of the Plan provides that the Board may amend the Plan, subject to stockholder approval under circumstances where stockholder approval is
required, including for the increase in number of Shares (as defined in the Plan) available under the Plan.
B. This Amendment is subject to the approval of stockholders of Meta Platforms, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”).
C. The Company now desires to amend the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Amendment.
AMENDMENT
NOW THEREFORE, effective as of the Amendment Effective Date, Section 2.1 of the Plan is hereby amended and restated by deleting Section 2.1 in its
entirety and replacing it with the following:
“2.1 Number of Shares Available. Subject to Sections 2.6 and 21 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and
available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of March 1, 2023, is 425,000,000 Shares plus (i) any Shares subject to grants previously made under
the Plan that are outstanding as of March 1, 2023 and (ii) any Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of March 1, 2023,
prior to giving effect to this Amendment. Substitute Awards may be granted under the Plan and any such grants shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant
under the Plan.”

EXHIBIT 10.5
November 15, 2022
Dear David Wehner:
On behalf of Meta Platforms, Inc. (the “Company” or "Meta"), I am pleased to confirm the terms of the transition of your position at Meta to the new
position of Chief Strategy Officer. You will continue to work out of the Company’s Menlo Park office, under the guidance of Mark Zuckerberg. This transition
is effective as of November 01, 2022 (the "Transition Date"). This letter, and the other agreements referenced herein, supersede and replace any prior
understandings or agreements, whether oral, written or implied, between you and the Company regarding the matters described in this letter. This letter will be
governed by the laws of the state in which you are employed, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
1. Compensation.
a. Base Pay. In this regular full-time position, your annual base pay will not change and you will continue to receive annual base pay in the amount
that was in effect immediately prior to the Transition Date. Your base pay will be payable pursuant to the Company’s regular payroll policy. Your base pay will
be periodically reviewed as a part of the Company’s regular reviews of compensation.
b. Bonus. You may continue to be eligible to receive an annual discretionary bonus of up to a target percentage of your Base Eligible Earnings as
defined in the Company's bonus plan. Your applicable target percentage will be the same as was in effect for you immediately prior to the Transition Date
(75%). Based on your performance, you can over-achieve your bonus target pursuant to the Company's bonus plan. Your bonus arrangement will be
periodically reviewed as a part of the Company’s regular reviews of compensation.
2. Employee Benefits.
a. Paid Time Off. Subject to the Company’s PTO policy, you will be eligible to accrue up to twenty-one (21) days of PTO per calendar year, pro-rated
for the remainder of this calendar year.
b. Group Plans. The Company will provide you with the opportunity to participate in the standard benefits plans currently available to other similarly
situated employees, including medical, dental, and vision, subject to any eligibility requirements imposed by such plans.
3. Confidentiality Agreement. By signing and agreeing to this Offer Letter, you also agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the enclosed
Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the “Confidentiality Agreement”). We require that you sign the Confidentiality Agreement and
return it to us with this Offer Letter.
4. Mutual Arbitration Agreement. Meta values all of its employees and fosters good relations with, and among, its employees, but we recognize that
disagreements occasionally occur. We believe that the resolution of such disagreements is best accomplished by internal dispute resolution and, where that
fails, by external arbitration. For these reasons, Meta has adopted an arbitration agreement (the “Arbitration Agreement”), a copy of which is enclosed. Please
review and sign the Arbitration Agreement.
5. No Conflicting Obligations. You understand and agree that by accepting this offer of employment, you represent to the Company that your
performance will not breach any other agreement to which you are a party and that you have not, and will not during the term of your employment with the
Company, enter into any oral or written agreement in conflict with any of the provisions of this letter or the Company’s policies. You are not to bring with you
to the Company, or use or disclose to any person associated with the Company, any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any former employer
or other person or entity with respect to which you owe

1

an obligation of confidentiality under any agreement or otherwise. The Company does not need and will not use such information and we will assist you in any
way possible to preserve and protect the confidentiality of proprietary information belonging to third parties. Also, we expect you to abide by any obligations to
refrain from soliciting any person employed by or otherwise associated with any former employer and suggest that you refrain from having any contact with
such persons until such time as any non-solicitation obligation expires.
6. Outside Activities. While you render services to the Company, you agree that you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other
business activity without the written consent of the Company. In addition, while you render services to the Company, you will not assist any person or entity in
competing with the Company, in preparing to compete with the Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the Company.
7. General Obligations. As an employee, you will be expected to adhere to the Company’s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty,
reliability and respect for all, as set forth in the Company's Code of Conduct. You will also be expected to comply with the Company’s policies and procedures.
The Company is an equal opportunity employer.
8. At-Will Employment. Employment with the Company is for no specific period of time. Your employment with the Company will be on an “at
will” basis, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time, with or without advance notice, and for any reason or no
particular reason or cause. The Company also reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of your employment at any time, with or without notice, and for
any reason in its sole discretion. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This is the full and complete
agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company’s personnel policies
and procedures, may change from time to time, the “at will” nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by an
authorized representative of the Company.
9. Withholdings. All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings.
10. Definitions. All references in this Offer Letter to the “Company” or “Meta” shall refer to Meta Platforms, Inc. and/or any of its direct or indirect
subsidiaries or affiliates, as appropriate.

[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

2

Very truly yours,
Meta Platforms, Inc.

/s/ Miranda Kalinowski
By: Miranda Kalinowski, VP, Global Recruiting

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
David Wehner

/s/ David Wehner
Signature

Date: January 31, 2023

3

EXHIBIT 10.8
December 22, 2022
Revised January 24, 2023

Javier Olivan
c/o Meta Platforms, Inc
One Hacker Way
Menlo Park, CA 94025
United States
Dear Javier:
On behalf of FACEBOOK SPAIN, S.L. (the “Company”), I am pleased to offer you full-time employment with the Company. You will be considered
a remote worker in Spain and you will be required to keep up to date on Workday information about your normal place of business (the “Remote Office”). You
will work under the guidance of Mark Zuckerberg and you will remain in the position of Chief Operating Officer of Meta Platforms, Inc.
1.

Transition of Current Employment to New Employment.

As discussed, your employment will transition from Meta Platforms, Inc. to the Company. Your last day as an employee of Meta Platforms, Inc. will
be on January 01, 2023 (the “Cessation Date”). On the Cessation Date you will be paid all of your accrued but unused PTO and all of your salary earned, but
unpaid, through the Cessation Date. As of the Cessation Date, your salary will cease, and any entitlement you have or might have under a benefit plan,
program, contract or practice provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. will terminate, except as required by federal or state law, or as otherwise described below. In
addition, any policies that apply to executive officers of Meta Platforms, Inc. will continue to apply to you throughout your employment with the Company,
unless you are expressly advised in writing that such policies no longer apply to you. You reaffirm agreement to abide by such policies upon the
commencement of your employment with the Company.
Subject to your satisfying the pre-employment conditions in clause 4 below, your full-time employment with the Company will commence on January
02, 2023 or an alternative date that will be mutually agreed upon in writing between you and the Company (the “Transition Date”). Your employment with
Meta Platforms, Inc. or its related entities (the “Previous Employer”) will count towards your continuous employment period of purposes of seniority for any
Company discretionary benefits, but will not count for the purposes of calculating statutory benefits under applicable Spanish laws and/or collective bargaining
agreements, such as statutory severance, which will be calculated based only on your period of service with the Company which runs from the Transition Date.
2.

Compensation.
a.
Base Pay. In this position you will earn a starting salary of €939,000 per year. Your base pay will be payable in one equal payment per month
pursuant to the Company’s regular payroll policy. The Base Pay is inclusive of any required extra amounts, which will be paid monthly on a pro rata
basis. It is also expressly agreed that 10% of the Base Pay is allocated to compensate you for the non-solicitation restrictions under Section 8 of the
enclosed Confidential Information and Invention Assignment. Your pay will be periodically reviewed as a part of the Company’s regular reviews of
compensation. The Company is under no obligation to increase your pay, subject to any applicable collective bargaining agreement.

1

b.
Bonus. Subject always to the sole and absolute discretion of Meta Platforms, Inc., you may be eligible to receive a discretionary bonus of up
to a target of 75% of your Base Eligible Earnings as defined in Meta Platforms, Inc.’s discretionary bonus plan (the “Bonus Plan”). Based on your
performance, you may be able to over-achieve your bonus target pursuant to the Bonus Plan.
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Bonus Plan and applicable law, you must be employed to be eligible to participate in the Bonus
Plan and remain employed at the date that payment is made to receive any payment under the Bonus Plan. Any such bonus paid will not be part of
normal or expected salary or compensation for any purpose, including the calculation of severance, if any, upon termination.
Meta Platforms, Inc. reserves the right to terminate the Bonus Plan and to terminate and change any aspect of the Bonus Plan without
compensation at any time in accordance with the provisions of the Bonus Plan (either in respect of the Bonus Plan generally or in its application to
you).
c.
Withholdings and Deductions. All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of the Company shall be less all applicable
withholdings. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company may deduct from your compensation or other payments due to you
any money that you owe to the Company.
3.

Employee Benefits.
a.
Paid Time Off. Subject to the Company’s PTO policy, you will be eligible to accrue up to twenty-four (24) working days of PTO per
calendar year, pro-rated for the remainder of this calendar year.
You shall give at least two weeks' notice of any proposed annual leave dates and these must be agreed by your Manager in writing in
advance.
If on termination of your employment you have or are likely to have any accrued but untaken holiday, then the Company may either: (a)
require you to take any accrued but untaken holiday during your notice period; or (b) make a payment to you in lieu of such accrued but untaken
holiday. If on the termination of your employment you have taken more annual leave than your accrued entitlement at the date of termination of your
employment, the Company shall be entitled to deduct the appropriate amount from any payments due to you.
b.
Group Plans. You and your family will be covered on an international private medical insurance plan, subject to any terms and conditions
imposed by such plan. The plan may be changed by the Company or the relevant plan provider from time to time. The premium for this insurance will
be paid by Meta, but is taxable to you, as the employee. The tax on the premium will be processed through your monthly payroll, after any local tax
exemptions have been applied. You remain personally responsible for any taxes related to this benefit. Further details of any contractual or noncontractual benefits can be located on the Company's internal wiki.
Your participation is: (a) on the basis that the Company may terminate your employment even if to do so would result in an actual or
prospective loss of entitlement to benefits under any benefit plan; (b) subject to the Company being able to obtain cover or to obtain cover on terms
and at a premium which the Company considers reasonable; and (c) subject to the Company being able to change the provider of each benefit and/or
the level of cover provided and/or amend the plan in any other way and/or terminate the benefit of any benefit plan(s) on reasonable notice to you. The
Company shall not have any liability to pay any benefit (or compensation in lieu) to you (or any family member) if the insurer of that benefit refuses
for whatever reason to pay or provide or to continue to pay or to provide such benefit and shall not be required to take any steps to require the insurer
to pay or provide that benefit.

2

If you change the location of your Remote Office, it may have an impact on your ability to access benefits under the respective plans. The
Company shall not have any liability to pay any benefit (or compensation in lieu) to you (or any family member), and shall not continue to pay or to
provide such benefit and shall not be required to take any steps to require the insurer to pay or provide that benefit, if there is a change in your benefits
coverage as a result of a change in the location of your Remote Office.
4.

Pre-employment Conditions.
a.
Confidentiality Agreement. By signing and agreeing to this Offer Letter, you also agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the
enclosed standard Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the “Confidentiality Agreement”) found at Attachment A. If for any
reason you fail to execute the Confidentiality Agreement, you agree that your execution of this Offer Letter constitutes your agreement to be bound by
the Confidentiality Agreement.
b.
Right to Work. For purposes of applicable immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your
identity and eligibility for employment in the country where you will be employed. Such documentation must be provided to us prior to your
Transition Date and at any other time upon request from the Company, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated.
This offer is also contingent upon receipt of any export license or other approval that may be required under United States or Spain export control laws
and regulations. The Company is not obligated to apply for any export license or other approval that may be required, nor can we guarantee that the
United States or Spanish Government will issue an export license or other approval, in the event that we do file an application.
c.
Verification of Information. This offer of employment is also contingent upon the successful verification of the information you provided to
the Company during your application process, as well as a general background check performed by the Company to confirm your suitability for
employment. By accepting this offer of employment, you warrant that all information provided by you is true and correct to the best of your
knowledge, and you expressly release the Company from any claim or cause of action arising out of the Company’s verification of such information.
By signing this letter, you hereby agree to authorize such a verification and background check and agree to sign any and all documents necessary to
enable the Company to conduct this verification and background check.

5.

Remote Working Arrangement.

In addition to the terms and conditions set forth herein, you will be subject to such terms and conditions related to your remote working arrangement
as set forth in Attachment B.
6.

No Conflicting Obligations.

You understand and agree that by accepting this offer of employment, you represent to the Company that your performance will not breach any other
agreement to which you are a party and that you have not, and will not during the term of your employment with the Company, enter into any oral or written
agreement in conflict with any of the provisions of this Offer Letter or the Company’s policies. You are not to bring with you to the Company, or use or
disclose to any person associated with the Company, any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any former employer or other person or entity
with respect to which you owe an obligation of confidentiality under any agreement or otherwise. The Company does not need and will not use such
information and we will assist you in any way possible to preserve and protect the confidentiality of proprietary information belonging to third parties. Also, we
expect you to abide by any obligations to refrain from soliciting any person employed by or otherwise associated with any former employer and suggest that
you refrain from having any contact with such persons until such time as any non-solicitation obligation expires.

3

7.

Outside Activities.

While you render services to the Company, you agree that you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other business activity without
the written consent of the Company. In addition, while you render services to the Company, you will not assist any person or entity in competing with the
Company, in preparing to compete with the Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the Company.
Upon commencing employment with the Company, you must disclose all actual or potential conflicts of interest that you have. Such disclosure is
required under the Company’s Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interest
Policy. These policies define what constitutes an actual or potential conflict and how to properly disclose them to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt,
even if you have disclosed a conflict during your employment with the Previous Employer or here, the Company’s policy requires you to re-disclose conflict(s)
after beginning your employment with the Company in the manner prescribed by the Conflicts of Interest Policy.
8.

Data Protection and Monitoring.

The Company collects and processes information about the Employee as set out in the Employee Privacy Statement (Attachment C).
Any use by you of the Company's or any Group Company's communication systems and equipment shall be regarded as work-related. Private
communications should be conducted outside of working hours, away from the Company's premises and without using the Company's communication systems
or equipment. You acknowledge that intercepted communications may be used as evidence in disciplinary or legal proceedings against you.
During the course of your employment you will strictly comply with the local or any other applicable data protection law(s), regulations and
guidelines and any policies issued by the Company or Meta Platforms, Inc. from time to time relating to data protection/privacy. You acknowledge that the
breach of such rules is likely to be regarded as gross misconduct.
9.

General Obligations.

As an employee, you will be expected to adhere to the Company’s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty, reliability and respect for
all. You will also be expected to comply with the Company’s policies and procedures. As well as the duties of your position, you may be required (without
additional remuneration) to undertake such additional or alternative work as may be assigned to you by the Company from time to time. Such work may be
outside the area of your normal duties and may be for the Company or a Group Company.
The Company is an equal opportunity employer. The Company does not permit, and will not tolerate, the unlawful discrimination or harassment of
any employees, consultants, or related third parties whether on the basis of sex, race, color, religion or belief, age, national or ethnic origin, nationality or
ancestry, marital or civil partner status, veteran status, mental or physical disability or medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, gender
reassignment, childbirth or related medical condition, or any other status protected by applicable law. Any questions regarding this Equal Employment
Opportunities statement should be directed to Human Resources.
10.

Employment Term.

Employment with the Company is for no specific period of time. The Company reserves the right to modify or amend the terms of your employment
at any time for any reason. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this Offer Letter. This is the full and complete
agreement between you and the Company on this term. Your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company’s personnel policies and
procedures, may change from time to time.

4

11. Termination.
a.
You are required to give a minimum of 60 days’ written prior notice if you choose to terminate your employment. All benefits cease upon
termination of employment unless otherwise specified by applicable law. Your employment with the Company shall be automatically terminated upon
your death. Termination of your employment for any cause will be governed by the terms and conditions set forth by applicable Spanish Law.
b.
The Company may terminate your employment as punitive dismissal without notice and without a payment in lieu of notice in the case of
serious breaches by you of the obligations of this Agreement or if the Company otherwise has just cause under applicable law. The Company may
suspend you on full pay pending the outcome of a disciplinary investigation.
12.

Miscellaneous.
a.
Group Company. In this letter the term “Group Company” shall mean the Company and/or any of its current or future parent companies,
subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns, including Meta Platforms, Inc.
b.
Changes. The Company reserves the right to make reasonable changes to any of your terms of employment in line with the applicable
provisions of mandatory law.
c.
Translation. In case of any questions or disputes regarding interpretation of this letter resulting from its translation, the English version shall
govern exclusively.
d.
Severability. The provisions of this letter are severable, and if any one or more of the provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise
unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
e.

Collective bargaining agreements. There are no collective bargaining agreements applicable to your employment with the Company.

[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

5

We are all delighted to be able to extend you this offer and look forward to working with you. To indicate your acceptance of the Company’s offer,
please sign and date this letter in the space provided below and return it to me, along with a signed and dated original copy of the Confidentiality Agreement,
on or before January 27, 2023. This Offer Letter, including its Annexes, supersedes and replaces any prior understandings or agreements, whether oral, written
or implied, between you and the Company regarding the matters described in this Offer Letter, and the Company reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any
time, including prior to your acceptance. This Offer Letter will be governed by the laws of Spain, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and any
dispute that cannot be resolved by the parties shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Spain.

Very truly yours,
FACEBOOK SPAIN S.L

/s/ William Lyall
William Lyall
Transformation Lead, Global People Services

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
Javier Olivan

/s/ Javier Olivan
Signature
Date: January 26, 2023

6

EXHIBIT 10.12
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
SECTION 1. General.
(a) Purpose. The purpose of the Meta Platforms, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the “Plan”) is to attract and retain
the services of experienced non-employee directors (“Non-Employee Directors”) by providing them with opportunities to defer the receipt of income relating
to Director Fees and RSUs (each as defined in Section 1(d) below), thereby furthering the best interests of Meta Platforms, Inc. (together with its successors,
the “Company”) and its stockholders.
(b) Equity Incentive Plan. The Plan does not authorize or contemplate any additional Shares beyond the Shares authorized under the Meta Platforms,
Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the “Equity Plan”), and the Plan incorporates by reference herein the terms of the Equity Plan. Unless otherwise
defined in this Plan document, capitalized terms used in the Plan shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Equity Plan.
(c)

Eligibility. Except as otherwise determined by the Board, each Non-Employee Director is eligible to participate in the Plan.

(d)

Definitions.
(i) “Account” means an Investment Account or a Share Account, as applicable.
(ii) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(iii) “Committee” means the Compensation, Nominating & Governance Committee of the Board.

(iv) “Corporate Transaction” has the meaning set forth in the Equity Plan; provided that any such transaction also is a change in
ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning
of Section 409A.
(v) “Deferral” means Deferred Fees or a Deferred RSU.
(vi) “Deferral Date” means (x) with respect to a Non-Employee Director’s Deferred Fees, the date on which the corresponding Fees were
scheduled to be to paid to such Non-Employee Director, or (y) with respect to a Non-Employee Director’s Deferred RSU, the date on which the
Shares covered by the corresponding RSU were scheduled to be issued to such Non-Employee Director, in either case had such Non-Employee
Director not deferred such Fees or RSU.
(vii) “Deferred Fees” means Fees that are deferred by a Non-Employee Director pursuant to Section 3.
(viii) “Deferred RSU” means an RSU that is deferred by a Non-Employee Director pursuant to Section 3.
(ix) “Fees” means any all cash fees payable to a Director for service on the Board or on a committee of the Board, including without
limitation any meeting fees or excess meeting fees.

1

(x) “Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint
venture, limited liability company or any other entity of whatever nature, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity.
(xi) “RSU” means an Award of Restricted Stock Units granted to a Director pursuant to 9.1 of the Equity Plan.
(xii) “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended and regulations relating thereto.
(xiii)

“Unforeseeable Emergency” means a financial hardship, as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(i)(3)(i).

SECTION 2. Administration.
(a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee, which shall have the power to interpret the Plan and to adopt such rules and guidelines for
implementing the terms of the Plan as it may deem appropriate. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations, determinations,
interpretations and other decisions under or with respect to the Plan shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may be made at any time, and shall be
final, conclusive, and binding on all Persons, including the Company and any Affiliate, director, beneficiary or stockholder.
(b) The Committee may delegate to any Person such duties and powers, both administrative and discretionary, as it deems appropriate, except for
such duties that may not be delegated by law or regulation.
SECTION 3. Deferral Elections.
(a)

Election Forms.

(i) A Non-Employee Director may elect to defer receipt of Fees or RSUs pursuant to a form approved by the Committee and filed with the
Secretary of the Company (an “Election Form”). Each Election Form will remain in effect until superseded or revoked pursuant to Section 3(c) or
Section 3(d).
(ii) An Election Form may provide for a Non-Employee Director to elect to receive distribution of such Non-Employee Director’s Deferral
at the following times or such other times as are determined by the Committee and consistent with Section 409A (but in no event earlier than the
applicable Deferral Date): (x) a specified date or (y) cessation of such Non-Employee Director’s service on the Committee.
(b)

Initial Elections.

(i) An Election Form shall apply to any Fees that are paid or any RSU that is granted to a Non-Employee Director for any period of service
that commences following the year in which such Election Form is filed.
(ii) Notwithstanding Section 3(b)(i), a Non-Employee Director who first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan (including any other
plan that is required to be treated as a single plan with the Plan under Section 409A) may file an Election Form during the first 30 days of such
eligibility; provided that such Election Form shall apply only to (i) any Fees that are paid to such Non-Employee Director for any period of service
that commences after the date that such Election Form is filed or (ii) any RSU that vests more than twelve months from the date that such Election
Form is filed.
(c) Subsequent Elections. A Non-Employee Director who has an Election Form on file with the Company may file with the Secretary of the
Company a subsequent Election Form at any time. Such Election Form

2

shall apply to any Fees that are paid or any RSU that is granted to such Non-Employee Director for any period of service that commences following the year in
which such subsequent Election Form is filed.
(d) Revoking Elections. A Non-Employee Director may revoke an Election Form at any time by providing written notice to the Secretary of the
Company in a form to be provided to the Non-Employee Director. Such revocation shall apply to any Fees that are paid or any RSU that is granted to such
Non-Employee Director for any period of service that commences following the year in which the written notice revoking the original election is filed.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the original Election Form provided for deferral of such Non-Employee Director’s Fees to a date that is not later than
December 31 of the year in which such Fees otherwise would have been paid to such Non-Employee Director, such revocation shall apply to any Fees that are
paid to such Non-Employee Director following the date on which such Non-Employee Director provides written notice of revocation to the Secretary of the
Company.
(e) Redeferrals. Not less than 12 months prior to the date on which a Deferral is scheduled to be distributed to a Non-Employee Director, such NonEmployee Director may elect to redefer such Deferral to a date that is not less than five years after the scheduled distribution date. Such redeferral election
shall be made in an Election Form approved by the Committee and filed with the Secretary of the Company.
(f)

Vesting. Each Deferral shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable at all times from the applicable Deferral Date.

SECTION 4. Distributions.
(a) Regular Distribution Date. Subject to this Section 4, distributions with respect to a Non-Employee Director’s Deferral shall be made to such
Non-Employee Director (i) in a lump sum payment at the time specified in the applicable Election Form or (ii) in a number of equal annual installments (not to
exceed 10 (ten)) set forth in the applicable Election Form beginning at the time specified in the applicable Election Form.
(b) Corporate Transaction, Death and Disability. All of a Non-Employee Director’s Deferrals and any earnings, whether in an Investment Account
or a Share Account, shall be distributed to such Non-Employee Director on a Corporate Transaction or such Non-Employee Director’s death or Disability
within forty-five (45) days of the applicable event.
(c) Unforeseeable Emergency. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the distribution of a Non-Employee Director’s Deferral if such
Non-Employee Director experiences an Unforeseeable Emergency; provided that such distribution complies with Section 409A. To request such a distribution,
a Non-Employee Director must file an application with the Committee and furnish such supporting documentation as the Committee may require. Such
application shall specify the basis for the distribution and the amount to be distributed. If such request is approved by the Committee, distribution shall be made
in a lump sum payment as soon as administratively practicable, but not more than 30 days, following such approval.
(d) Specified Employees. If the Committee considers a Non-Employee Director to be one of the Company’s “specified employees” under Section
409A at the time of such Non-Employee Director’s cessation of service on the Committee, any distribution that otherwise would be made to such NonEmployee Director with respect to a Deferral as a result of such cessation of service shall not be made until the date that is six months after such cessation of
service, except to the extent that earlier distribution would not result in such Non-Employee Director’s incurring interest or additional tax under Section 409A.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, if the Non-Employee Director is a Specified Employee at the time of his or her Separation
from Service (within the meaning of Section 409A), any payment to be made to a Non-Employee Director upon his or her Separation from Service shall be
delayed until the earlier of (i) the first day of the seventh month following his or her Separation from Service or (ii) upon such Non-Employee Director’s death.
For the avoidance of doubt, in no event may any Non-Employee Director, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made
pursuant to the Plan. For purposes of this Plan, “Specified Employee” shall mean any Non-Employee Director who is a “key employee” (as defined in Code
Section 416(i) without regard to paragraph (5) thereof), as determined

3

by the Company in accordance with its uniform policy with respect to all arrangements subject to Code Section 409A, based upon the twelve (12) month period
ending on each December 31st. All Non-Employee Directors who are determined to be key employees under Code Section 416(i)(l)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) (without
regard to paragraph (5) thereof) on December 31st shall be treated as Specified Employees for purposes of the Plan during the twelve (12) month period that
begins on the following April 1st.
SECTION 5. Investment Account or Share Account; Amount of Distribution.
(a)

Deferred Fees.

(i) Investment Account. The Company shall establish or cause to be established a book-entry account for each Non-Employee Director to
record the Non-Employee Director’s Deferred Fees (the “Investment Account”). Deferred Fees allocated by the Non-Employee Director to the
Investment Account shall be credited to the Investment Account at the time Fees would have otherwise been paid to the Non-Employee Director.
Deferred Fees deferred into an Investment Account shall be credited or debited with gains and losses (and any applicable fees) as if the Investment
Account had been invested in one or more of the investment funds offered under the Plan (the “Investment Funds”), with the allocation of the
Deferred Fees to such Investment Funds to be made by the Non-Employee Director pursuant to procedures established by the Committee. A NonEmployee Director may change investment elections pursuant to procedures established by the Committee.
(ii) Investment Account Distribution. At the time of distribution, the balance in a Non-Employee Director’s Investment Account shall be
paid in cash in the manner elected in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 above, with any such payment to occur as soon as practicable
following the applicable payment date, but in no event more than 45 days after such payment date. If annual installments are elected, the amount of
the first payment shall be a fraction of the balance in the Non-Employee Director’s Investment Account as of the first distribution date elected by the
Non-Employee Director, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of annual installments elected. The amount
of each subsequent payment shall be a fraction of the balance in the Non-Employee Director’s Investment Account as of next distribution date elected
by the Non-Employee Director, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of installments elected minus the
number of installments previously paid.
(b)

Deferred RSUs.

(i) Share Account. In the case of a Deferred RSU, the initial number of such notional Shares shall be the number of Shares covered by the
portion of the corresponding RSU grant that is deferred pursuant to the applicable Election Form. Each Deferral shall be allocated to a separate
bookkeeping account (a “Share Account”) established and maintained by the Company to record the number of Shares in which such Deferral is
notionally invested.
(ii) Share Account Distribution. The balance in a Non-Employee Director’s Share Account shall be settled in the number of actual Shares
equal to the whole number of Deferred RSUs in the Non-Employee Director’s Share Account with any such settlement to occur as soon as practicable
following the applicable settlement date, but in no event more than 45 days after such payment date. If annual installments are elected, the whole
number of Shares in the first payment shall be a fraction of the number of Deferred RSUs in the Non-Employee Director’s Share Account as of
December 31st of the year preceding such payment, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the total number of annual
installments elected. The whole number of Shares in each subsequent payment shall be a fraction of the Deferred RSUs in the Non-Employee
Director’s Share Account as of December 31st of the year preceding each subsequent payment, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of
which is the total number of installments elected minus the number of installments previously paid. Cash payments in lieu of fractional Shares
issuable in respect of fractional Deferred RSUs, if applicable, shall be made with the last payment.

4

(iii) Dividend Equivalent Payment. With respect to the period beginning on the Deferral Date applicable to a Non-Employee Director’s
Deferred RSUs and ending on the distribution date applicable to such Deferred RSUs, such Non-Employee Director shall receive a cash payment with
respect to any cash dividend that would have been paid on a number of outstanding Shares equal to the number of Deferred RSUs credited to the
applicable Share Account as of the applicable dividend record date. Each such payment shall be made on the date on which the applicable dividend is
paid to holders of Shares generally or such other date as is determined by the Committee.
(iv) Adjustment to Share Account. In the event that the Committee shall determine that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the
form of cash, Shares or other securities), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off,
combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event constitutes an equity restructuring transaction, as that term is defined in
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto), or otherwise affects the Shares, then the Committee shall adjust the number
and type of securities or other property (including cash) payable with respect to outstanding Deferred RSUs in a manner that is determined by the
Committee to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the
Plan.
SECTION 6. General Provisions Applicable to Deferrals.
(a) Except as provided by the Committee, no Deferral and no right under any Deferral, shall be assignable, alienable, saleable or transferable by a
Non-Employee Director otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; provided, however, that, if so determined by the Committee, a NonEmployee Director may, in the manner established by the Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise the rights of the Non-Employee
Director with respect to a Deferral on the death of the Non-Employee Director. Each Deferral, and each right under any Deferral, shall be exercisable, during
the Non-Employee Director’s lifetime, only by the Non-Employee Director or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Non-Employee Director’s guardian
or legal representative. No Deferral, and no right under any Deferral, may be pledged, alienated, attached or otherwise encumbered, and any purported pledge,
alienation, attachment or encumbrance thereof shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate.
(b) All Shares or other securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may
deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange on which such
Shares or other securities are then listed, and any applicable federal, state or local securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put
on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.
SECTION 7. Amendments and Termination.
(a) The Committee, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend or discontinue the Plan or any Deferral at any time; provided that no such
amendment, suspension or discontinuance shall reduce the accrued benefit of any Non-Employee Director except to the extent necessary to comply with any
provision of federal, state or other applicable law. The Committee further has the right, without a Non-Employee Director’s consent, to amend or modify the
terms of the Plan and such Non-Employee Director’s Deferrals to the extent that the Committee deems it necessary to avoid adverse or unintended tax
consequences to such Non-Employee Director under Section 409A.
(b) The Board, in its sole discretion, may terminate the Plan at any time, as long as such termination complies with then applicable tax and other
requirements. Distributions of Accounts outstanding under the Plan as of the date on which the Plan is terminated will be made in a lump sum payment 12
months after such termination, unless the right to receive a distribution in accordance with the terms of the Plan would occur before the end of such 12-month
period, in which case distributions will be made in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Non-Employee Directors Election Form.

5

(c) Such other changes to Deferrals shall be permitted and honored under the Plan to the extent authorized by the Committee and consistent with
Section 409A.
SECTION 8. Miscellaneous.
(a) No Rights to Participation. No Non-Employee Director or other Person shall have any claim to be entitled to make a deferral under the Plan, and
there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of Non-Employee Directors or beneficiaries under the Plan. The terms and conditions of deferrals under the
Plan need not be the same with respect to each Non-Employee Director.
(b) Withholding. To the extent required by applicable law, the Company or any Affiliate shall be authorized to withhold from any Deferral or
distribution the amount (in cash, notional shares, Shares or other securities) of taxes required or permitted to be withheld (up to the maximum statutory tax rate
in the relevant jurisdiction) in respect of such Deferral and to take such other action as may be necessary or appropriate in the opinion of the Company or
Affiliate to satisfy withholding taxes.
(c) No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements. Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Affiliate from adopting or
continuing in effect other or additional compensation arrangements, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific
cases.
(d) No Right to Continued Service. The opportunity to make a Deferral under the Plan shall not be construed as giving a Non-Employee Director the
right to be retained in the service of the Board or the Company. A Non-Employee Director’s Deferral under the Plan is not intended to confer any rights on such
Non-Employee Director except as set forth in the Plan. The Company expressly reserves the right at any time to replace or not to renominate a Non-Employee
Director without any liability for any claim against the Company for any payment or distribution except to the extent provided for in the Plan.
(e) Conditions upon Issuance of Shares. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the Plan unless the issuance and delivery of such shares pursuant
hereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed.
(f) Rights as a Stockholder. A Non-Employee Director will have no rights as a stockholder unless and until Shares are issued hereunder and such
Non-Employee Director becomes the holder of record of such Shares.
(g) Governing Law. The validity, construction and effect of the Plan and any rules and regulations relating to the Plan shall be determined in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware and applicable federal law without regard to conflict of law.
(h) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Election Form is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, or as to any Person, or would disqualify the Plan or any Deferral under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be
construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the
Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or such Deferral, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, Person or Deferral, and the
remainder of the Plan and such Election Form shall remain in full force and effect.
(i) Unfunded Status of the Plan. The Plan is unfunded. The Plan, together with the applicable Election Form, shall represent at all times an unfunded
and unsecured contractual obligation of the Company. Each Non-Employee Director and beneficiary will be an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect
to all obligations owed to them under the Plan. No Non-Employee Director or beneficiary will have any interest in any fund or in any specific asset of the
Company of any kind, nor shall any Non-Employee Director or beneficiary or any other Person

6

have any right to receive any payment or distribution under the Plan except as, and to the extent, expressly provided in the Plan and the applicable Election
Form. Any reserve or other asset that the Company may establish or acquire to assure itself of the funds to provide payments required under the Plan shall not
serve in any way as security to any Non-Employee Director or beneficiary for the Company’s performance under the Plan and shall at all times be subject to
the claims of creditors.
(j) Headings. Headings are given to the Sections and subsections of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not
be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of the Plan or any provision thereof.
(k) Indemnification. Subject to requirements of Delaware State law, each individual who is or shall have been a member of the Committee, or a
Person to whom authority was delegated in accordance with Section 2(b), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any loss,
cost, liability or expense that may be imposed on or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit or
proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan (but not as a
participant in the Plan) and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company’s approval, or paid by him or her
in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding against him or her; provided that he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its
own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf, unless such loss, cost, liability or
expense is a result of his or her own willful misconduct or except as expressly provided by statute. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be
exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such individuals may be entitled under the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a
matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless.
(l) Section 409A of the Code. The terms and conditions of the Plan are intended to comply (and shall be interpreted in accordance) with Section
409A. For purposes of this Plan, “Separation from Service” shall mean a “separation from service,” as defined in Section 409A. No action shall be taken under
the Plan that will cause any Account to fail to comply in any respect with Section 409A without the written consent of the Non-Employee Director. Any
adjustments to Shares pursuant to Section 5(b)(iv) above shall be made (i) in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A and (ii) in such a manner as to
ensure that after such adjustment to the Shares, the Plan and the Deferrals still comply with the requirements of Section 409A.
(m)

Effective Date of the Plan. The Plan shall be effective as of the date on which the Plan is adopted by the Board.

7

EXHIBIT 21.1
LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
META PLATFORMS, INC.

Cassin Networks ApS (Denmark)
Edge Network Services Limited (Ireland)
Facebook Circularity, LLC (Delaware)
Facebook Holdings, LLC (Delaware)
Facebook Operations, LLC (Delaware)
Facebook UK Limited (United Kingdom)
FCL Tech Limited (Ireland)
Goldframe LLC (Delaware)
Greater Kudu LLC (Delaware)
Hibiscus Properties, LLC (Delaware)
Instagram, LLC (Delaware)
Malkoha Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Meta Payments Inc. (Florida)
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. (Ireland)
Meta Platforms Technologies, LLC (Delaware)
Morning Hornet LLC (Delaware)
Novi Financial, Inc. (Delaware)
Pinnacle Sweden AB (Sweden)
Raven Northbrook LLC (Delaware)
Runways Information Services Limited (Ireland)
Scout Development, LLC (Delaware)
Siculus, Inc. (Delaware)
Sidecat LLC (Delaware)
Stadion LLC (Delaware)
Starbelt LLC (Delaware)
Vitesse, LLC (Delaware)
WhatsApp LLC (Delaware)
Winner LLC (Delaware)
Woolhawk LLC (Delaware)

EXHIBIT 23.1
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
(1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-262508) pertaining to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of Meta Platforms, Inc.,
(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-252518) pertaining to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of Meta Platforms, Inc.,
(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-236161) pertaining to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of Meta Platforms, Inc.,
(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-229457) pertaining to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of Meta Platforms, Inc.,
(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-222823) pertaining to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of Meta Platforms, Inc.,
(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-186402) pertaining to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of Meta Platforms, Inc., and
(7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-181566) pertaining to the 2005 Officers’ Stock Plan, 2005 Stock Plan, and 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of
Meta Platforms, Inc.
of our reports dated February 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Meta Platforms, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting of Meta Platforms, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Meta Platforms, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Mateo, California
February 1, 2023

EXHIBIT 31.1
CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Mark Zuckerberg, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Meta Platforms, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control
over financial reporting.
Date:

February 1, 2023
/s/ MARK ZUCKERBERG
Mark Zuckerberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

EXHIBIT 31.2
CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Susan Li, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Meta Platforms, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control
over financial reporting.
Date:

February 1, 2023
/s/ SUSAN LI
Susan Li
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

EXHIBIT 32.1
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Mark Zuckerberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Meta Platforms, Inc. (Company), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:
•

the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

•

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the
periods presented therein.

Date:

February 1, 2023
/s/ MARK ZUCKERBERG
Mark Zuckerberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)

EXHIBIT 32.2
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Susan Li, Chief Financial Officer of Meta Platforms, Inc. (Company), do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:
•

the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Report) fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

•

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the
periods presented therein.

Date:

February 1, 2023
/s/ SUSAN LI
Susan Li
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)

